In the absence of Bangladesh 's opening bowler , Mortaza , Australia opened the innings with Andrew Symonds and Michael Bevan — giving the usual middle order batsmen time at the crease . The Symonds experiment did not last long , as he was dismissed by Hasibul Hossain for seven . Martyn joined Bevan at the crease and quickly put the bowlers on the back foot with aggressive batting . Despite returning in the series for the first time since the 2003 Cricket World Cup because of a broken finger , he scored Australia 's second fastest ODI half century — 22 balls — and was on track to overtake Gilchrist 's and Allan Border 's record for the fastest Australian ODI century ; 78 deliveries .
Its southern terminus is at an intersection with NY 383 in the village of Scottsville . The northern end of the highway is located at a junction with NY 104 in the town of Greece . NY 386 meets Interstate 490 ( I 490 ) in Chili and NY 531 in Gates and has short overlaps with NY 33A in Chili and NY 33 in Gates . The portion of the route south of NY 33A passes through mostly rural areas while the section north of NY 33A serves areas of mostly residential nature . The portion of NY 386 between Scottsville and Chili was originally designated as part of Route 16 , an unsigned legislative route , in 1908 .
The relationships within the Hydrobatinae are complex and uncertain , and it has been suggested that all the members of the subfamily could be subsumed into an enlarged Hydrobates . The storm petrel was first described from by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae in 1758 as Procellaria pelagica . It was moved to the genus Hydrobates by Friedrich Boie in 1822 . Petrel , first recorded in 1602 , is a corruption of pitteral , referring to the bird 's pitter pattering across the water . The suggestion that the word refers to St Peter walking on the waves is a later invention .
The building became premier office space in the center of the city , serving as the home of major law firms among other tenants . In 1953 , steel and concrete pen houses were built at the back of the building to house air conditioning equipment . In July 1982 , the parent company of Fidelity Bank , Fidelcor , put up for sale Fidelity Building Corp. , a subsidiary which owns The Fidelity Building and the neighboring Witherspoon Building . In December of that year , Fidelcor announced that the Al Tajir Foundation , a real estate investment company owned by Mahdi Al Tajir , had agreed to buy Fidelity Building Corp. for US $ 63.5 million .
BS I 75 turns northeasterly onto the two lane Easterday Avenue and runs to the east of the campus of Lake Superior State University , crossing the Edison Sault Power Canal . At Portage Avenue south of the Soo Locks . , BS I 75 turns southeasterly to follow Portage Avenue along the St. Marys River . The spur crosses the canal just upstream from its mouth . Portage Avenue continues through residential neighborhoods on the east side of Sault Ste . Marie , following the river . BS I 75 ends at the entrance to the Sugar Island Ferry Dock across from the Sault Ste .
By historical convention , a positive current is defined as having the same direction of flow as any positive charge it contains , or to flow from the most positive part of a circuit to the most negative part . Current defined in this manner is called conventional current . The motion of negatively charged electrons around an electric circuit , one of the most familiar forms of current , is thus deemed positive in the opposite direction to that of the electrons . However , depending on the conditions , an electric current can consist of a flow of charged particles in either direction , or even in both directions at once .
The cameras used during the chariot race also presented problems . The 70mm lenses had a minimum focusing distance of 50 feet ( 15 m ) , and the camera was mounted on a small Italian made car so the camera crew could keep in front of the chariots . The horses , however , accelerated down the 1,500 foot ( 460 m ) straightaway much faster than the car could , and the long focal length left Marton and Canutt with too little time to get their shots . The production company purchased a more powerful American car , but the horses were still too fast , and even with a head start , the filmmakers only had a few more seconds of shot time .
Durian was introduced into Australia in the early 1960s and clonal material was first introduced in 1975 . Over thirty clones of D. zibethinus and six Durio species have been subsequently introduced into Australia . China is the major importer , purchasing 65,000 tonnes in 1999 , followed by Singapore with 40,000 tonnes and Taiwan with 5,000 tonnes . In the same year , the United States imported 2,000 tonnes , mostly frozen , and the European Community imported 500 tonnes . The durian is a seasonal fruit , unlike some other non seasonal tropical fruits such as the papaya , which are available throughout the year .
After 1915 , two 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced by two 8.8 cm Flak guns , and between 1916 and 1917 , the remaining twelve 8.8 cm casemated guns were removed . These anti aircraft guns fired a slightly lighter 21.2 lb shell at 2,510 ft / s ( 765 m / s ) . They could be elevated to 45 degrees and could hit targets 12,900 yards ( 11,800 m ) away . The Nassau class ships were also armed with six 45 cm ( 18 in ) submerged torpedo tubes . One tube was mounted in the bow , another in the stern , and two on each broadside , on either ends of the torpedo bulkhead .
There , within one polymeric chain , all the halide atoms lie in one graphite like plane and form planar pentagons around the protactinium ions . The coordination 7 of protactinium originates from the 5 halide atoms and two bonds to protactinium atoms belonging to the nearby chains . These compounds easily hydrolyze in water . The pentachloride melts at 300 ° C and sublimates at even lower temperatures . Protactinium ( V ) fluoride can be prepared by reacting protactinium oxide with either bromine pentafluoride or bromine trifluoride at about 600 ° C , and protactinium ( IV ) fluoride is obtained from the oxide and a mixture of hydrogen and hydrogen fluoride at 600 ° C ; a large excess of hydrogen is required to remove atmospheric oxygen leaks into the reaction .
Even in Civil War days colored units carried colored noncommissioned officers ... that most of these white noncommissioned officers view themselves in the light of the overseer of antebellum days is shown by their practice of carrying revolvers when they take details of men out to work . " Following the end of hostilities , Loving returned to the Philippines and resumed command of the Philippine Constabulary Band for three years before retiring a second time , moving with his wife , Edith , to Oakland , California . In Oakland , Loving found success in real estate speculation . Because attitudes in Oakland at the time made African American ownership of property in some portions of the city problematic , Loving would dress in a chauffeur 's uniform and drive Edith , who had a light complexion and could be mistaken for Caucasian , to view property .
As a result , the pair faced each other in a no countout , no disqualification , loser leaves WWE match at the Extreme Rules pay per view on 1 May , which Layla won , thus forcing McCool to retire from WWE . Layla announced that she had suffered a knee injury at Extreme Rules on SmackDown on 13 May , and was interrupted and attacked by Kharma to write her off television . Later that month , it was confirmed that Layla had legitimately torn both her Anterior cruciate and Medial collateral ligaments , and required surgery . Layla made her in ring return at a Florida Championship Wrestling event on 22 March 2012 .
Hood 's protection used both compound armour and nickel steel armour . Her waterline main belt ranged in thickness between 14 to 18 inches ( 356 to 457 mm ) thick . It covered the middle 250 feet ( 76.2 m ) of the ship and was 8.5 feet ( 2.6 m ) high of which 5 feet 6 inches ( 1.7 m ) was below the waterline at normal load . Fore and aft bulkheads , 16 – 14 inch ( 406 – 356 mm ) thick respectively , closed off the ends of the central citadel at the level of the waterline .
E ZPass , a form of electronic toll collection , is accepted at all toll plazas . During the 1930s the Pennsylvania Turnpike was designed to improve automobile transportation across the mountains of Pennsylvania , using seven tunnels built for the abandoned South Pennsylvania Railroad in the 1880s . The road opened on October 1 , 1940 between Irwin and Carlisle as the first long distance limited access highway in the United States , leading to the construction of other limited access toll roads and the Interstate Highway System . Following World War II , the turnpike was extended east to Valley Forge in 1950 and west to the Ohio border in 1951 .
On 12 August , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced that he had ordered the cessation of the " peace enforcement " operation in Georgia . " The operation has achieved its goal , security for peacekeepers and civilians has been restored . The aggressor was punished , suffering huge losses . " Later that day he met French President Nicolas Sarkozy ( the President in Office of the European Union ) and approved a six point peace plan . The plan originally had four points , but Russia insisted on an additional two . Georgia requested that the additions be parenthesised ; Russia objected and Sarkozy prevailed upon Saakashvili to sign the agreement .
Parliament at least wanted to know which sins in particular were grave enough to trigger excommunication by the church ; the Assembly was reticent to provide such information , as the majority considered the power of the church in this area to be absolute . In May 1645 , Parliament passed an ordinance allowing excommunicants to appeal the church 's sentences to Parliament . Another ordinance on 20 October contained a list of sins to which the church would be limited in its power to excommunicate . To the majority of the divines ' dismay , an even more Erastian ordinance was proposed in March 1646 .
The Marsh Tacky exhibits a four beat ambling gait , most similar to the marcha batida of the Brazilian Mangalarga Marchador , another breed with Spanish heritage , although also compared to the fox trot of the Missouri Fox Trotter . However , the Marsh Tacky 's gait shows a period of quadrupedal support where all four feet are planted and diagonal foot pairings , whereas the Fox Trotter shows tripedal support and the Mangalarga Marchador lacks the diagonal foot pairings . The Marsh Tacky is known by owners for its stamina and ability to work in water and swamps without panicking .
In this area , the road curves due east , crosses the Metra Union Pacific / Northwest Line tracks near the station , then briefly heads north before turning once more to the northwest . Immediately after doing so , it passes a signalized intersection with IL 47 ( Seminary Avenue / Eastwood Drive ) before traveling north of the McHenry County Fairgrounds and then heading out of the Woodstock area and back into a prairie setting . The road then curves back to the north and then takes a right turn at an unsignalized intersection where it continues generally east for the remainder of its length .
German U boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs . On 17 August , Steinbauer and UB 47 achieved their first success when they sank the Italian steamer Stampalia south of Cape Matapan . Although Italy and Germany would not formally be at war for another ten days , German U boats in the Mediterranean routinely attacked Italian vessels by posing as Austro Hungarian submarines and flying the ensign of that country 's navy . Stampalia was an ocean liner of 9,000 gross register tons ( GRT ) that had formerly been in passenger service between New York and Genoa , and had been one of the first Italian merchant vessels to be armed against submarine attacks .
The scheme was further expanded by the construction of the Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir in 1867 – 75 by Thomas Duncan and Joseph Jackson . Yarrow Reservoir , on which work began in 1867 , was designed by Thomas Duncan , the Liverpool Borough Engineer . In 1900 Liverpool Corporation attempted to acquire the entire area to safeguard its water supply , and proposed to demolish the entire village . Some buildings were protected and others left vulnerable in an Act of Parliament known as the Liverpool Corporation Act 1902 . This allowed the corporation to acquire by compulsory purchase properties in the west of the village , including the Black a Moors Head public house and the New Hall , which were demolished between 1902 and 1905 .
Circulation for comic books in general and Batman merchandise in particular soared . Other masked or superpowered adventurers appeared on the television screen , so that " American TV in the winter of 1967 appeared to consist of little else but live action and animated cartoon comic book heroes , all in living colour . " Existing comic book publishers began creating superhero titles , as did new publishers . By the end of the 1960s , however , the fad had faded ; in 1969 , the best selling comic book in the United States was not a superhero series , but the teen humor book Archie .
Admiral Churchill retired , and Anne appointed the moderate Tory Lord Pembroke to lead the Admiralty , instead of a Whig . The Junto Whigs Somers and Wharton , however , were appointed to the Cabinet in Pembroke 's vacated posts of Lord President of the Council and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland . The Whigs were still dissatisfied , and continued to pressure Pembroke and the Queen . Pembroke resigned after less than a year in office . Another month of arguments followed before the Queen finally consented to put Orford in control of the Admiralty as First Lord in November 1709 .
There was also the development of private tuition in the families of lords and wealthy burghers . The growing emphasis on education cumulated with the passing of the Education Act 1496 , which decreed that all sons of barons and freeholders of substance should attend grammar schools to learn " perfyct Latyne " . All this resulted in an increase in literacy , but which was largely concentrated among a male and wealthy elite , with perhaps 60 per cent of the nobility being literate by the end of the period . Until the fifteenth century , those who wished to attend university had to travel to England or the continent , and just over a 1,000 have been identified as doing so between the twelfth century and 1410 .
Until the early twentieth century , readers reacted to " Ulysses " sympathetically . The meaning of the poem was increasingly debated as Tennyson 's stature rose . After Paull F. Baum criticized Ulysses ' inconsistencies and Tennyson 's conception of the poem in 1948 , the ironic interpretation became dominant . Baum finds in Ulysses echoes of Lord Byron 's flawed heroes , who similarly display conflicting emotions , self critical introspection , and a rejection of social responsibility . Even Ulysses ' resolute final utterance — " To strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield " — is undercut by irony , when Baum and later critics compare this line to Satan 's " courage never to submit or yield " in John Milton 's Paradise Lost ( 1667 ) .
Cardiff , on the lookout for aircraft flying supplies to the Argentine forces occupying the Falkland Islands , had misidentified the helicopter as an enemy C 130 Hercules . Although the helicopter 's loss was initially blamed on enemy action , a subsequent inquiry found Cardiff 's missiles to be the cause . On the night of 5 June , HMS Cardiff was stationed to the east of the islands to provide gunfire support to the land forces and intercept enemy aircraft . At around 02 : 00 a radar contact was detected ; a British Army Air Corps Gazelle helicopter was making a routine delivery of personnel and equipment to a radio rebroadcast station on East Falkland .
The authority of these teams are based on the members position on the company 's or institution 's organizational chart . These management teams are constructed of managers from different divisions ( e.g. Vice President of Marketing , Assistant Director of Operations ) . An example of management teams are executive management teams , which consists of members at the top of the organization 's hierarchy , such as Chief Executive Officer , Board of Directors , Board of Trustees , etc . , who establish the strategic initiatives that a company will undertake over a long term period ( ~ 3 – 5 years ) .
One of the main reasons Naughty Dog chose to develop Crash Bandicoot ( at the time jokingly codenamed " Sonic 's Ass Game " ) for the Sony PlayStation was Sony 's lack of an existing mascot character that could compete with Sega 's Sonic the Hedgehog and Nintendo 's Mario . Naughty Dog desired to do what Sega and Warner Bros. did with the hedgehog ( Sonic ) and the Tasmanian devil ( Taz ) respectively and incorporate an animal that was " cute , real , and no one really knew about " . The team purchased a field guide on Tasmanian mammals and selected the wombat , potoroo and bandicoot as options .
The re staging was regarded as radical , but when Goffin took fright at the storm of controversy , Carte told him , " I don 't care what they say about the production . I should care if they said nothing . " On 3 September 1939 , at the outbreak of World War II , the British government ordered the immediate and indefinite closure of all theatres . Carte cancelled the autumn tour and disbanded the company . Theatres were permitted to reopen from 9 September , but it took some weeks to re form the company . The company resumed touring in Edinburgh on Christmas Day 1939 .
The timing was intended to emphasise the sacrifices Rhodesia had made for Britain in wartime . As Ken Flower later said , " the rebellion was made to appear as though it was not a rebellion " . Smith and his ministers still pledged allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II , whose official portrait hung prominently behind them as they signed ; the declaration even ended " God Save The Queen " . Four junior members of the Cabinet — Lance Smith , Ian Dillon , Andrew Dunlop and P K van der Byl — did not sign , but were included in the official photograph .
The magnificent response of his unit to this willing and cheerful sacrifice , made with full knowledge of its certain cost , is history . The success of this phase of the campaign is in large measure due to Maj. Gen. Dean 's heroic leadership , courageous and loyal devotion to his men , and his complete disregard for personal safety . Dean was the highest ranking UN prisoner of war of the Korean War . He was also the highest ranking Medal of Honor recipient . His story of capture and imprisonment by the North Koreans was recorded by numerous publications .
The citizens of London feared the city being plundered and enthusiastically welcomed York 's son Edward , Earl of March . Margaret 's defeat at the Battle of Towton confirmed Edward 's position and he was crowned . Disaffected with Edward 's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville and preferment of her formerly Lancastrian supporting family , Warwick and Clarence defected to the Lancastrians . The alliance was sealed with the marriage of Henry 's son Edward to Anne , Warwick 's daughter . Edward and Richard , Duke of Gloucester , fled England . When they returned , Clarence switched sides at the Battle of Barnet and Warwick and his brother were killed .
In a 1990 morphological phylogenetic study , Kiyonori Nishida concluded that the deepwater stingray and the sixgill stingray ( Hexatrygon bickelli ) were the most basal stingrays ( suborder Myliobatoidei ) . Therefore , he moved this species to its own genus , Plesiobatis , and family , Plesiobatidae ; the name is derived from the Greek plesio ( " primitive " ) and batis ( " ray " ) . Subsequent morphological studies have corroborated the basal position of Plesiobatis , but disagreed on its relationships to nearby taxa . John McEachran , Katherine Dunn , and Tsutomu Miyake in 1996 could not fully resolve the position of Plesiobatis , thus they assigned it provisionally to the family Hexatrygonidae .
The old Erie main line through Passaic was abandoned at a ceremony on April 2 , 1963 , when service was terminated and service . Trains were re routed via a " new " main line , using the Boonton Branch from Kingsland to Athenia . The remainder of the Boonton Branch was steadily decommissioned through 1963 , as the New Jersey Department of Transportation requested the Boonton Branch 's alignment through Paterson as part of Interstate 80 and New Jersey Route 21 through Passaic near BE Drawbridge and the Passaic Park station . This was turned over to the Department of Transportation on October 27 , 1963 , after a connection was constructed at Mountain View to the Erie 's former New York and Greenwood Lake Railroad .
Hibbs alleviated Rockwell 's thematic concern ; he explained that the illustrations only needed to address the same topic rather than be in unison . Hibbs pressured Rockwell into completing his work by warning him that the magazine was on the verge of being compelled by the government to place restrictions on four color printing , so Rockwell had better get the work published before relegation to halftone printing . In 1942 , Rockwell decided to use neighbors as models for the series . In Freedom from Want , he used his living room for the setting and relied on neighbors for advice , critical commentary , and their service as his models .
The crew is cured of the ailment , and Picard partially credits Wesley for helping to prevent a disaster . Star Trek : The Next Generation 's creator , Gene Roddenberry , wanted to include an episode revealing the characters ' motivations to the audience early on in the series . As a basis , he turned to the Star Trek : The Original Series episode " The Naked Time . " Executive producer Rick Berman described " The Naked Now " as " a [ n ] homage , not a copy " of " The Naked Time , " while director Paul Lynch described it as " slightly more adult and a lot more comic than the original " .
Flandez wrote that it was a " heart rending love song that becomes a homage of the 48 year old fallen star " , and " brought goosebumps " ; the shot near the end , " of Mercedes dressed in a sweetheart gown , standing alone , reaching for the stars , was memorable " . The Washington Post 's Jen Chaney said that " Riley deserves a standing ovation " , and that she sang the song with " a power motivated by genuine emotions that tied in directly to her storyline " ; the " heartbreaking context of Houston 's death ... immediately elevated this moment to the very best one of Glee 's entire third season .
" After film director John Badham learned that Ross was going to play the part of Dorothy , he decided not to direct the film , and Cohen replaced him with Sidney Lumet . Of his decision not to direct The Wiz , John Badham recalled telling Cohen that he thought Ross was " a wonderful singer . She 's a terrific actress and a great dancer , but she 's not this character . She 's not the little six year old girl Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz . " Though 20th Century Fox had financially backed the stage musical , they ended up exercising their first refusal rights to the film production , which gave Universal an opening to finance the film .
In 1990 , Roberts secured the financial support of the Marlboro cigarette company , and his team became the official Yamaha factory racing team . Rainey and John Kocinski won the 500 cc and 250 cc world championships in 1990 , making Roberts the most successful team manager in Grand Prix racing at the time . Rainey went on to win three consecutive 500 cc world championships for Roberts ' team . After Rainey was left paralyzed in a crash at the 1993 Italian Grand Prix , the Roberts team continued racing with Luca Cadalora as their main rider , but struggled during a period dominated by Honda and their rider , Mick Doohan .
Matthews describes the conclusion of the work as " a great wave of benediction [ which ] recalls the end of the Sinfonia da Requiem , and its similar ebbing away into the sea that symbolises both reconciliation and death . " Other works for voices and orchestra include the Missa Brevis and the Cantata academica ( both 1959 ) on religious themes , and the late cantata Phaedra ( 1975 ) , a story of fated love and death modelled on Handel 's Italian cantatas . Smaller scale works for accompanied voice include the five Canticles , composed between 1947 and 1974 .
Gulab takes Luttrell into his care , returning to his village , where he attempts to hide Luttrell in his home . Gulab then sends a mountain man to the nearest American air base to alert military forces of Luttrell 's location . The Taliban fighters arrive at the village to capture and kill Luttrell , but Gulab and the villagers intervene , threatening to kill the fighters if they harm Luttrell . The fighters leave , but later return to punish the villagers for protecting Luttrell . Gulab and his fellow militia are able to fend off several fighters during the ensuing attack .
One of the earliest water projects in the Colorado River basin was the Grand Ditch , a 16 mile ( 26 km ) diversion canal that sends water from the Never Summer Mountains , which would naturally have drained into the headwaters of the Colorado River , to bolster supplies in Colorado 's Front Range Urban Corridor . Constructed primarily by Japanese and Mexican laborers , the ditch was considered an engineering marvel when completed in 1890 , delivering 17,700 acre feet ( 21,800 ML ) across the Continental Divide each year . Because roughly 75 percent of Colorado 's precipitation falls west of the Rocky Mountains while 80 percent of the population lives east of the range , more of these interbasin water transfers , locally known as transmountain diversions , followed .
Peggy considered leaving when her sons , Phil and Grant ( Ross Kemp ) were teenagers , and once even tried to seduce Johnny Allen , but he turned her down . Eric cheated on Peggy with Claudette Hubbard ( Ellen Thomas ) , who he also intended to run away with , but changed his mind , leading to Claudette hating the entire family . Peggy turned to Eric 's younger brother Archie ( Larry Lamb ) because he was there for her when Eric began to abuse her . She tried to save her marriage by having another child in 1975 - her only daughter Samantha ( Danniella Westbrook and Kim Medcalf ) .
The case was presided over by ICJ Vice President Judge Awn Shawkat Al Khasawneh , alongside 13 other judges and two ad hoc judges appointed by the two countries . The judges were Raymond Ranjeva from Madagascar , Shi Jiuyong from the People 's Republic of China , Abdul G. Koroma from Sierra Leone , Gonzalo Parra Aranguren from Venezuela , Thomas Buergenthal from the United States , Hisashi Owada from Japan , Bruno Simma from Germany , Peter Tomka from Slovakia , Ronny Abraham from France , Kenneth Keith from New Zealand , Bernardo Sepúlveda Amor from Mexico , Mohamed Bennouna from Morocco and Leonid Skotnikov from Russia .
Three of his first class games were internationals against Argentina on the MCC " representative " tour of South America in 1926 – 27 . Dunglass began serving in the Territorial Army when in 1924 he was commissioned a Lieutenant in the Lanarkshire Yeomanry , then promoted Captain in 1928 , and Major in 1933 . The courtesy title Lord Dunglass did not carry with it membership of the House of Lords , and Dunglass was eligible to seek election to the House of Commons . Unlike many aristocratic families , the Douglas Homes had little history of political service .
The Airbus A330 900neo is to burn 14 % less fuel than A330 300 on per seat basis ( on a 4,000 nmi flight ) and will have 10 more seats ( 310 seats overall ) achieved with an interior reconfiguration to save space . Like the 800neo , it will be equipped with Trent 7000 engines with a 10 : 1 bypass delivering 320 kN ( 72,000 lbf ) . The − 900neo is expected to enter service at the end of 2017 . On 19 November 2014 , Delta Air Lines became the first airline to announce a firm order for the Airbus A330neo by ordering 25 A330 900neo aircraft .
On August 23 , 1976 , Michael J. Bacsik held Aaron to a single and a fly out to right field . The younger Bacsik commented later , " If my dad had been gracious enough to let Hank Aaron hit a home run , we both would have given up 756 . " After hitting the home run , Bonds gave Bacsik an autographed bat . The pitch , the seventh of the at bat , was a 3 – 2 pitch which Bonds hit into the right center field bleachers . The fan who ended up with the ball , 22 year old Matt Murphy from Queens , New York ( and a Mets fan ) , was promptly protected and escorted away from the mayhem by a group of San Francisco police officers .
Although it was greatly cut for syndication , Bacheller attested to its causing a stir , saying " its quality [ was ] immediately felt and recognized . " The lead editorial in the Philadelphia Press of December 7 said that Crane " is a new name now and unknown , but everybody will be talking about him if he goes on as he has begun " . At the end of January 1895 , Crane left on what he called " a very long and circuitous newspaper trip " to the west . While writing feature articles for the Bacheller syndicate , he traveled to Saint Louis , Missouri , Nebraska , New Orleans , Galveston , Texas and then Mexico City .
The organization supports women wishing to leave the industry , but does not try to persuade them to do so . The group does not focus upon conversion but rather on communicating its message that Christians exist who are not judging female sex workers and are willing to accept them . The organization also helps both women and men seeking to overcome pornography addiction . The organization was founded by Heather Veitch , who worked as a stripper for four years before becoming a Christian and leaving the sex industry in 1999 . She founded JC 's Girls on Good Friday in March 2005 ; it was based at Sandals Church in Riverside , California , with the support of the California Southern Baptist Convention .
Passages creating such an effect appear frequently in the last sonatas , mainly in the first and second movements . Two harmonic devices are employed in the sonatas to create this effect : Tonal detachment of passages or complete movements from their home key surroundings . These passages are often introduced by sudden , " magical " harmonic shifts that closely juxtapose the home key ( or a closely related key such as the dominant ) with the new , distant tonality . Two examples of this procedure , from the opening movement of the B flat Sonata , are shown on the right .
In 1965 , San Diego State began offering a doctorate in chemistry in a joint effort with University of California , San Diego . By 1991 , the campus had eight different doctorate programs . Research became a vital practice of the faculty during the 1960s . By 1965 , more than 200 books had been authored by SDSC faculty . Federal research grants increased from $ 398,202 in 1961 to $ 1,184,387 in 1967 . Faculty research included medical and scientific research , teacher enhancement , Peace Corps training , and a review of nursing curricula . In 1966 , the Carnegie Corporation named President Love one of the best college Presidents in the country .
During the scrimmage , Ron McDole fell on Kemp 's right knee and injured it , forcing Kemp to sit out the entire 1968 season . The Bills went 1 – 12 – 1 without Kemp . Despite Kemp 's return from injury and the arrival of running back O. J. Simpson , the Bills only compiled a 4 – 10 record during the 1969 season under new coach John Rauch . Kemp was named an AFL All Star in 1969 for the seventh time in the league 's 10 years . He advocated recognition of the league , and in its last year , 1969 , lobbied Pete Rozelle to have AFL teams wear an AFL patch to honor it .
The general wrote to Custis , " It is much to be wished that a remedy could be applied to the depreciation of our Currency ... I know of no person better qualified to do this than Colonel Mason " . Mason retained his interest in western affairs , hoping in vain to salvage the Ohio Company 's land grant . He , with Jefferson , were among the few delegates to be told of George Rogers Clark 's expedition to secure control of the lands north of the Ohio River . Mason and Jefferson secured legislation authorizing Governor Henry to defend against unspecified western enemies .
Atwood , 17 years old at the time , was charged with murdering his wife , Ada , then 15 . The Chicago Tribune called the events " a thrilling tragedy enacted in the little town of DeKalb , in the county of DeKalb . " Prominent DeKalb resident Jacob Haish testified for the prosecution during Atwood 's trial . During the summer of 1966 the trial of Russell Charles Dewey was underway at the courthouse . Dewey was accused of murdering and burning the body of Susan Brady , who disappeared on December 20 , 1965 ; he was arrested in for the crime in February 1966 .
Educational Pictures had more than 2,000 negatives and prints destroyed , including the negatives of Buster Keaton 's silent films with the company . Also present was the original negative of D. W. Griffith 's Way Down East ( which Fox had purchased with the intent of remaking ) , the negative for the controversial Christie Productions sponsored film The Birth of a Baby , and films by smaller studios such as Atherton Productions , Peck 's Bad Boy Corporation , Principal Pictures , and Serial Producing . Archival material intended for the Museum of Modern Art 's Film Library was lost as well .
In the kidnap sequence , Tremble 's death is also very abruptly inserted ; it consists of pre existing footage of Tremble being rescued by Vesper , followed by a later filmed shot of her abruptly deciding to shoot him , followed by a freeze frame over some of the previous footage of her surrounded by bodies ( noticeably a zoom in on the previous shot ) . As well as this , an entire sequence involving Tremble going to the front for the underground James Bond training school ( which turns out to be under Harrods , of which the training area was the lowest level ) was never shot , thus creating an abrupt cut from Vesper announcing that Tremble will be James Bond to Tremble exiting the lift into the training school .
The central region of the Homunculus contains a smaller Little Homunculus from the 1890 eruption , a butterfly of separate clumps and filaments from the two eruptions , and an elongated stellar wind region . Several X ray and gamma ray sources have been detected around Eta Carinae , for example 4U 1037 – 60 in the 4th Uhuru catalogue and 1044 – 59 in the HEAO 2 catalog . The earliest detection of X rays in the Eta Carinae region was from the Terrier Sandhawk rocket , followed by Ariel 5 , OSO 8 , and Uhuru sightings . More detailed observations were made with the Einstein Observatory , ROSAT X ray telescope , Advanced Satellite for Cosmology and Astrophysics ( ASCA ) , and Chandra X ray Observatory .
The rule has been regarded as " obscure " , " bizarre " , and " quirky " . A unique set of circumstances is required for a fair catch kick to be a viable option . For one , the fair catch would need to be made at a point on the field where a field goal attempt has a reasonable chance of being successful ; most fair catches are made well outside of field goal range ( even more so since 1974 , when the goal posts were moved back to the end line , adding 10 yards to such attempts ) .
Loxton ended with 3 / 55 from 26 overs , the second best economy rate among the Australians . On the third morning , Loxton came to the crease to join Harvey with the score at 4 / 189 . Australia had been in trouble after losing two quick wickets to be 3 / 68 , but Miller and Harvey counterattacked , adding 121 runs in 90 minutes , their batting likened by Wisden to a " hurricane " . Fingleton said that he had never " known a more enjoyable hour " of " delectable cricket " . Harvey was unperturbed by Miller 's departure , hitting 11 from three consecutive balls .
J.M. Breiwick estimated that the " exploitable " ( above the legal size limit of 50 ft ) component of the Nova Scotia population was 1,500 to 1,600 animals in 1964 , reduced to only about 325 in 1973 . Two aerial surveys in Canadian waters since the early 1970s gave numbers of 79 to 926 whales on the eastern Newfoundland Labrador shelf in August 1980 , and a few hundred in the northern and central Gulf of Saint Lawrence in August 1995 – 1996 . Summer estimates in the waters off western Greenland range between 500 and 2,000 , and in 1974 , Jonsgard considered the fin whales off Western Norway and the Faroe Islands to " have been considerably depleted in postwar years , probably by overexploitation " .
She was nominated by the London Film Critics ' Circle , the Phoenix Film Critics Society . Johansson was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in June 2004 . The same year , she had voice or onscreen roles in five films : The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie ; A Good Woman , an adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's Lady Windermere 's Fan , which had a limited U.S. release , and was both a box office and critical failure , described by the The New York Times as a " misbegotten Hollywood minded screen adaptation " with " an excruciating divide between the film 's British actors ( led by Tom Wilkinson and Stephen Campbell Moore ) , who are comfortable delivering Wilde 's aphorisms ... and its American marquee names , Helen Hunt and Scarlett Johansson , [ who have ] little connection to the English language as spoken in the high Wildean style " ; the critically panned teen heist film The Perfect Score , the romantic comedy In Good Company , a critical and box office success ; and , finally , the dark , Southern drama , A Love Song for Bobby Long , for which she earned her a third Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination .
The entire campaign spent more than a year in development , producing artwork , videos , DLC , printed advertisements , billboards , and events , and was estimated to have cost at least $ 10 million . A six issue , limited monthly comic series , also titled Batman : Arkham City was released on May 11 , 2011 . The series bridges the plot between Arkham Asylum and Arkham City . It was written by Paul Dini with art by Carlos D 'Anda . Warner Bros. also developed toys based on the characters through Mattel , Hallmark cards , batarang shaped videogame controllers , and a variety of apparel by Converse , Eckō Complex , C Life , New Era , and Briefly Stated .
The most common system of keys was named the Boehm system by its designer Hyacinthe Klosé in honour of flute designer Theobald Boehm , but it is not the same as the Boehm system used on flutes . The other main system of keys is called the Oehler system and is used mostly in Germany and Austria ( see History ) . The related Albert system is used by some jazz , klezmer , and eastern European folk musicians . The Albert and Oehler systems are both based on the early Mueller system . The cluster of keys at the bottom of the upper joint ( protruding slightly beyond the cork of the joint ) are known as the trill keys and are operated by the right hand .
Their Health Check and Action Plan identified " economic , transport & accessibility , environmental and social strengths and weaknesses " of Poulton . The study noted that the town has no cinemas , theatres , museums or galleries and that there was popular demand for a cinema , a weekly market and more independent retailers . There was also concern among residents that there are not enough facilities for young people . Poulton has a library , operated by Lancashire County Council . Poulton 's public spaces include the Jean Stansfield Memorial and Vicarage Park , Tithebarn Park and the Cottam Hall Playing Fields .
Additionally , because his Arabians were not shipped via Britain , they were not certified by the United Kingdom 's Jockey Club before arriving in America , and without that authentication , the American Jockey Club refused to register his imported horses . Another factor may have influenced the organization 's stance : in a cartoon , Davenport had satirized Jockey Club President August Belmont . Haleb in particular became widely admired by American breeders , and in addition to siring Arabians , he was also crossed with Morgan and Standardbred mares . In 1907 , Davenport entered the stallion into the Justin Morgan Cup , a horse show competition he won , defeating 19 Morgan horses .
In 1982 the first colour images of the surface were obtained with the Soviet Venera 13 and 14 landers . NASA obtained additional data in 1978 with the Pioneer Venus project that consisted of two separate missions : Pioneer Venus Orbiter and Pioneer Venus Multiprobe . The successful Soviet Venera program came to a close in October 1983 , when Venera 15 and 16 were placed in orbit to conduct detailed mapping of 25 % of Venus 's terrain ( from the north pole to 30 ° N latitude ) Several other Venus flybys took place in the 1980s and 1990s that increased the understanding of Venus , including Vega 1 ( 1985 ) , Vega 2 ( 1985 ) , Galileo ( 1990 ) , Magellan ( 1994 ) , Cassini – Huygens ( 1998 ) , and MESSENGER ( 2006 ) .
Also , sustainable best practices can involve the recycling of materials , such as the use of recycled plastics for lumber where deforestation has devastated a country 's timber base . Another example of sustainable practices in poverty alleviation is the use of exported recycled materials from developed to developing countries , such as Bridges to Prosperity 's use of wire rope from shipping container gantry cranes to act as the structural wire rope for footbridges that cross rivers in poor rural areas in Asia and Africa . According to Murray Bookchin , the idea that humans must dominate nature is common in hierarchical societies .
He graduated from Harvard University with a Ph.D. in political science in 1993 after earning a B.A. from Yale University . He worked as the managing editor of Foreign Affairs magazine before accepting the editor position at Newsweek . Labeled a liberal hawk , Zakaria 's political views have shifted from supporting Reagan 's pro democracy agenda to Clinton 's pro market stances and to the point where Zakaria felt that the US was " unstoppable " . In subsequent years , he watched as other countries set records for the world 's tallest building , largest factory , largest refinery , and richest person .
Brett Ratner turned down the option in favor of The Family Man . Simon West and Stephen Norrington were reportedly top contenders as well . In June 1999 , William Wisher , Jr. was hired to write a new script , and Cage assisted on story elements . Cage dropped out of the project in June 2000 , while Wisher turned in a new script in August 2000 , reported to have contained similar elements with The Matrix . In October 2000 , veteran comic book creator Keith Giffen pitched a 17 page story treatment with Lobo as the antagonist , but the studio did not proceed .
All of the defendants , except Drakula were tried in absentia . Drakula was acquitted , while Dusper , Tomić and Bajić were convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison each while the remaining defendants were sentenced to 15 years . The rulings were upheld by the Supreme Court of Croatia in 1994 . Dotlić was arrested on 18 October 2013 after he visited his parents living in Croatia . Prior to his arrest , Dotlić had requested a new trial , but after his arrest the charges against him were changed to armed insurrection but this was later dropped following the General Amnesty Act .
According to Nielsen Media Research , the episode was seen by 3.24 million viewers . After the episode aired , Kim , Kourtney and Khloé Kardashian praised their portrayal and on screen deaths . The students at South Park Elementary are assigned to read The Catcher in the Rye , and grow excited when Mr. Garrison tells them that the book has caused so much controversy , it has been banned from public schools in the past . However , after reading the book , Stan , Kyle , Cartman , and Kenny are angry to find the content completely inoffensive , and feel the school has " tricked " them into reading .
F Zero GX runs on an enhanced version of the engine used in Super Monkey Ball . In early March 2003 , according to the official Nintendo website , F Zero was delayed by two months . Via a live video conference call from Japan on July 7 , 2003 , co producers Shigeru Miyamoto and Toshihiro Nagoshi , and supervisor Takaya Imamura answered questions about the two F Zero games . There , Miyamoto announced the Japanese version of the game was finished and would soon be available to the public . Nagoshi mentioned that back at E3 2003 , he was hoping that they would have that time to include a local area network ( LAN ) multiplayer mode , however they chose not to support this mode .
Whitman gave Stafford a ring , which was returned and re given over the course of a stormy relationship lasting several years . Of that ring , Stafford wrote to Whitman , " You know when you put it on there was but one thing to part it from me , and that was death . " There is also some evidence that Whitman may have had sexual relationships with women . He had a romantic friendship with a New York actress , Ellen Grey , in the spring of 1862 , but it is not known if it was also sexual .
The closing cast included Jennifer DiNoia as Elphaba , Chandra Lee Schwartz as Glinda , Nick Adams as Fiyero , Kim Zimmer as Madam Morrible , Tim Kazurinsky as The Wizard , Jenny Florkowski as Nessarose , Tom Flynn as Doctor Dillamond and Etai Benson as Boq . While the original touring cast intended to play a limited engagement from April 29 to June 12 , 2005 at the Oriental Theatre in Chicago , producers decided to extend it to an open ended run , making it the first non Broadway sit down production of Wicked . Opening at the same Chicago theatre the day after the touring production had finished , the original Chicago cast included Ana Gasteyer as Elphaba , Kate Reinders as Glinda , Rondi Reed as Madame Morrible , Kristoffer Cusick as Fiyero , Telly Leung as Boq , Heidi Kettenring as Nessarose and Gene Weygandt as the Wizard .
The series explores several themes in its narrative , in particular LGBT themes . Various characters are portrayed as sexually fluid ; through those characters , the series examines homosexual and bisexual relationships . Although the nature of their sexual flexibility is not explicitly discussed , the characters offer varying perspectives on orientation , with The Sun describing all of the characters on Torchwood as bisexual . Series creator Russell T Davies has said that he hopes to defy audience expectations of monosexual characters : " Without making it political or dull , this is going to be a very bisexual programme .
Brian then assures her that the answers are inside herself , and the real meaning of their existence is out there somewhere . Afterward , it is revealed that the entire Family Guy universe takes place within the molecules of a lampshade in the shared bedroom of Adam West and Rob Lowe . Meanwhile , furious that he did not get a chance to ask the cast of Star Trek : The Next Generation any questions at the convention , and the fact that the cast instead answered questions completely unrelated to Star Trek , Stewie builds an authentic Star Trek transporter and beams the cast over to interview them ( in a nod to the TNG episode " Skin of Evil " , Denise Crosby is killed in a show of force ) .
The adult male has glossy black plumage , blackish brown legs , a yellow eye ring and an orange yellow bill . The bill darkens somewhat in winter . The adult female is sooty brown with a dull yellowish brownish bill , a brownish white throat and some weak mottling on the breast . The juvenile is similar to the female , but has pale spots on the upperparts , and the very young juvenile also has a speckled breast . Young birds vary in the shade of brown , with darker birds presumably males . The first year male resembles the adult male , but has a dark bill and weaker eye ring , and its folded wing is brown , rather than black like the body plumage .
He graduated as a lieutenant on 9 December 1930 , and the following day enlisted in the RAAF . As well as the four graduates the Air Force had enrolled in 1927 , budgetary constraints imposed during the Great Depression necessitated the transfer from Duntroon to Point Cook of eight other RAAF sponsored cadets midway through their four year course , including Alister Murdoch , Bill Garing and Douglas Candy . Initially ranked pilot officer , Hely commenced his flying training course at RAAF Point Cook , Victoria , on 15 January 1931 , graduating on 10 December . His early postings as a pilot in 1932 and 1933 were to RAAF Station Richmond , New South Wales , and RAAF Station Laverton , Victoria .
The Grecian government made an offer for the original purchase price plus an additional £ 50,000 , but as the Greeks worked to obtain an initial installment , the Ottoman government was also making offers . The Brazilian government rejected an Ottoman proposal to swap ships , with Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro going to the Ottomans and Reşadiye going to Brazil , presumably with some amount of money . The Brazilian government would only accept a monetary offer . Lacking this , the Ottomans were forced to find a loan . Fortunately for them , they were able to obtain one from French banker acting independent of his government , and the Ottoman Navy secured the Rio de Janeiro on 29 December 1913 for £ 1,200,000 as is .
Film noir is often described as essentially pessimistic . The noir stories that are regarded as most characteristic tell of people trapped in unwanted situations ( which , in general , they did not cause but are responsible for exacerbating ) , striving against random , uncaring fate , and frequently doomed . The films are seen as depicting a world that is inherently corrupt . Classic film noir has been associated by many critics with the American social landscape of the era — in particular , with a sense of heightened anxiety and alienation that is said to have followed World War II .
Hal Hinson of The Washington Post described Belle as a " compelling " character who is " more mature , more womanly and less blandly asexual " than Ariel , as well as " a more worldly girl " , describing her as " a bookworm , with gumption and a mind of her own . " Similarly comparing Belle to Ariel , John Hartl of The Seattle Times wrote that , in Beauty and the Beast , " there 's rarely a sense of deja vu , perhaps because the heroine is so different from ' Mermaid 's ' dependent Ariel , and her dilemma is more poignant , " while Boxoffice scribed , " Undoubtedly in response to criticism that the cute little ' Mermaid ' Ariel was nothing more than a precocious sexpot , the idea people behind this beauty — aptly named Belle ... chose to make her an icon of self reliance and a voracious reader with a curiosity and love for everything around her .
There were also other venerated holidays , such as the Qingming Festival , as it was supposedly this period of the year that was depicted in the artwork ( mentioned above ) by the artist Zhang Zeduan ( although some would argue the painting actually represented the time of autumn in the year ) . With the advent of the discovery of gunpowder in China , lavish fireworks displays could also be held during festivities . For example , the martial demonstration in 1110 AD to entertain the court of Emperor Huizong , when it was recorded that a large fireworks display was held alongside Chinese dancers in strange costumes moving through clouds of colored smoke in their performance .
During that span , the team had three head coaches ( including future hall of famer Lenny Wilkens ) ; team executive Stu Inman also served as coach . The team won the first pick in the NBA draft twice during that span . In 1972 , the team drafted LaRue Martin with the number one pick , and in 1974 the team selected Bill Walton from UCLA . In 1976 , the ABA – NBA merger saw those two rival leagues join forces . Four ABA teams joined the NBA ; the remaining teams were dissolved and their players distributed among the remaining NBA squads in a dispersal draft .
On 26 January 2006 , " Wish You Well " was voted No. 1 for the Triple J Hottest 100 , 2005 . Following " Watch Over Me " , Fanning digitally released a fourth single " Weekend of Mystery " , which was not officially on the album , except for those who purchased the album from the iTunes Store . Fanning also took home the award for Best Music Video at the 2006 ARIA Awards for the iconic ' Wish You Well ' clip . On 2 December 2005 , Fanning announced a nationwide Which Way Home Concert Tour , named after the song on the album of the same name .
Although it is a significant occupational health issue , work related pesticide poisoning is believed to be underreported . Before the SENSOR program began , state programs that collected reports of occupational diseases did not usually conduct interventions . While over 25 states required reporting of pesticide related illness , most of them could not compile useful information on incidence or prevalence . In response to these challenges , NIOSH proposed the SENSOR program as a model to track certain occupational conditions , including pesticides . Pesticide poisoning is an important occupational health issue because pesticides are used in a large number of industries , which puts many different categories of workers at risk .
The team created the top down portions to allow Jason to shoot in all directions and to enable them to " express large bosses that really had an impact " . They did not want to design the gameplay in a linear progression ; instead they drew inspiration from and were influenced by Nintendo 's Metroid to create a game that allowed players to freely move between levels . According to Iwata : " We wanted the player to experience the feeling of excitement that comes from discovering something after endeavoring through a difficult search , which is why we composed a map that allowed the player to move freely between different areas .
In November 1919 , the CLR published a new bill to revive the Richmond extension , but using a different route that required only a short section of new tunnel construction . The new proposal was to construct tunnels southwards from Shepherd 's Bush station , which would come to the surface to connect to disused L & SWR tracks north of Hammersmith Grove Road station that had closed in 1916 . From Hammersmith , the disused LS & WR tracks continued westwards , on the same viaduct as the DR 's tracks through Turnham Green to Gunnersbury and Richmond .
Watterson describes her as " an unhappy person " due to her belief in the value of education . Mr. Spittle is the school principal to whose office Miss Wormwood threatens to send Calvin for his pranks . Susie also occasionally accompanies Calvin to the principal 's office . Though his name has only been shown in one story , he has appeared many times including the first story about Calvin 's duplicator . Uncle Max is Calvin 's paternal uncle . Uncle Max was originally meant as a character who could increase the possibilities of the strip : as Watterson noted , " Calvin could go visit Uncle Max ... " .
Common thermal mass materials include stone , cement and water . Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night . However , they can be used in cold temperate areas to maintain warmth as well . The size and placement of thermal mass depend on several factors such as climate , daylighting and shading conditions . When properly incorporated , thermal mass maintains space temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for auxiliary heating and cooling equipment .
Thus , when in AD 13 , the powers held by Tiberius were made equal , rather than second , to Augustus 's own powers , he was for all intents and purposes a " co princeps " with Augustus , and in the event of the latter 's passing , would simply continue to rule without an interregnum or possible upheaval . However , according to Suetonius , after a two year stint in Germania , which lasted from 10 − 12 AD , " Tiberius ' returned and celebrated the triumph which he had postponed , accompanied also by his generals , for whom he had obtained the triumphal regalia .
His first musical composition for a movie trailer was for the film The Full Monty ; he worked on this piece with friend Mark Griskey who was a fellow composer at X Ray Dog . Field explained his thought process on the film trailer : " A trailer , is like a one minute or whatever , mini movie that 's got to have its own feeling and form to it — trailer music is very intense and gets right to the point . It sounds simple , but it 's taken me some years to really figure out . I call it ' rock and roll orchestra ' because it 's got orchestral elements and , sometimes , a choir , but it also has a lot of rock elements like the drive , the drums and the way it just builds and builds .
It was the first tropical cyclone to threaten the New Orleans area since Hurricane Katrina and the destructive 2005 hurricane season . Overall impact from the cyclone was minor and largely limited to light rainfall . However , the precursor system spawned a damaging tornado in Eustis , Florida , where 20 houses were destroyed and 30 more were damaged . Tropical Depression Ten formed from the complex interaction between an upper level low , a tropical wave that produced Tropical Storm Ingrid , and the tail end of a cold front . By September 17 , the system produced widespread thunderstorm activity over The Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean .
Murtagh and O 'Brien characterised the performance as typifying " the end of a long , hard season " and Duke of Marmalade 's retirement was announced immediately . . In November 2008 , Duke of Marmalade was named European Champion Older Horse at the Cartier Racing Awards . In the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings for 2007 , Duke of Marmalade was assessed on a mark of 120 , placing him just outside the world 's top thirty horses . In the 2008 Rankings , he was rated the fifth best horse in the world with a mark of 127 Duke of Marmalade was given an end of year rating of 132 by Timeform in 2008 .
From the outset , Rome 's military typified this pattern and the majority of Rome 's wars were characterized by one of two types . The first is the foreign war , normally begun as a counter offensive or defense of an ally . The second is the civil war , which plagued the Roman Republic in its final century . Roman armies were not invincible , despite their formidable reputation and host of victories . Over the centuries the Romans " produced their share of incompetents " who led Roman armies into catastrophic defeats . Nevertheless , it was generally the fate of the greatest of Rome 's enemies , such as Pyrrhus and Hannibal , to win early battles but lose the war .
Chuck D later said of its sampling issues , " We got sued for everything . We knew that the door on sampling was gonna close " . Subsequent use of sampled material , particularly the use of whole songs on top of a beat , by other hip hop artists prompted stricter sampling laws . Fear of a Black Planet was the group 's commercial apex , with sales dropping off for their subsequent albums . Chuck D said it was their most successful record , " not because of all the hype and hysteria . It was a world record .
Similarly hundreds of city names are woven into " Haveth Childers Everywhere " , the corresponding passage at the end of III.3 which focuses on HCE . As a result , it is generally contended that HCE personifies the Viking founded city of Dublin , and his wife ALP personifies the river Liffey , on whose banks the city was built . ALP and HCE have a daughter , Issy – whose personality is often split ( represented by her mirror twin ) . Parrinder argues that " as daughter and sister , she is an object of secret and repressed desire both to her father [ ... ] and to her two brothers .
Initially , Arjun is reluctant to take trip as he does not want to lose his pay for missing work . It is later revealed that Arjun 's former girlfriend left him due to his workaholism and his obsession with money . Imran has an additional personal agenda on the trip , to find his biological father Salman Habib ( Naseeruddin Shah ) , an artist in Spain . They fly to Spain separately , where they plan to visit Costa Brava , Seville , and Pamplona . On the way to Costa Brava , Imran and Kabir find it annoying that Arjun works even during the trip .
Spanish Civil War Timeline Spain in Revolt , newsreel documentary ( Video Stream ) ( Part 1 , 2 ) Imperial War Museum Collection of Spanish Civil War Posters hosted online by Visual Arts Data Service ( VADS ) Posters of the Spanish Civil War from UCSD 's Southworth collection Civil War Documentaries made by the CNT Spanish Civil War and Revolution image gallery – photographs and posters from the conflict Aircraft of the Spanish Civil War Battle of Rio Segre Photographs Capa , Robert ( 1938 ) International Center of Photography . A History of the Spanish Civil War , excerpted from a U.S. government country study .
The fourth track " Clean , Clean " was released as the third single from the album , while " Elstree " was the album 's fourth and final single . All of the singles had chart success in the UK , with " The Plastic Age " and " Clean , Clean " gaining chart success on international level . A single and special DJ version of " Elstree " also appeared on the 2010 reissue of the album , as well as a 12 " version of " Clean , Clean " . On 28 September 2010 , The Buggles reunited to play their first full length live concert .
The major breakthrough in the band 's career came in their collaboration with producer " Mutt " Lange on the album Highway to Hell , released in 1979 . Eddie Van Halen notes this to be his favourite AC / DC record , along with Powerage . It became the first AC / DC LP to break into the US top 100 , eventually reaching No. 17 , and it propelled AC / DC into the top ranks of hard rock acts . Highway to Hell had lyrics that shifted away from flippant and comical toward more central rock themes , putting increased emphasis on backing vocals but still featured AC / DC 's signature sound : loud , simple , pounding riffs and grooving backbeats .
Louis summoned the Polish prelates and lords to Kassa ( now Košice in Slovakia ) in September 1379 , persuading them to acknowledge Mary 's right to succeed him in Poland . The contemporaneous Jan of Czarnków , who was biased against Louis , recorded that the Poles yielded to the monarch 's demand only after he had prevented them from leaving the town by shutting its gates . At a meeting with Leopold III , Duke of Austria in early 1380 , Louis strongly hinted that he would bequeath Hungary to his younger daughter , Hedwig , who had been engaged to Leopold III 's son , William .
Coates reached his peak at the 1976 games in Innsbruck . He competed in five events , and apart from a 25th place finish in the 500 m event , did no worse than 11th in the remaining four . He came sixth in the 10,000 m , eighth in the 1,500 m and tenth in the 5,000 m . It was only the second time that an Australian had placed in the top 10 , and remained Australia 's best result until 1994 . His five skiing compatriots were less productive ; they registered in 13 races between them and completed only seven due to crashes and disqualifications , with only one top 30 result .
This victory made Tech the 10 – 0 undefeated national champion of 1928 . Coach Alexander found campus spirit to be particularly low following the Great Depression . His successful football program ( and the other athletic teams ) had very few student fans attending the games . He helped to establish a spirit organization known as the Yellow Jacket Club in 1930 to bolster student spirit . The group would later become the Ramblin ' Reck Club . The 1939 team was SEC co champion . The only retired jersey in Georgia Tech football history is No. 19 . The number belonged to Tech halfback Clint Castleberry .
She is the eldest of three children , with her father working as a jeepney driver and her mother as a laundry washer or " labandera " ( hired to wash other people 's clothes ) . She has Indian blood among her ancestors . At the time of the Binibining Pilipinas 2008 pageant , San Miguel was a freshman student taking up broadcast communication at the University of the East in Manila , with the ambition of becoming a professional broadcaster . She had previously garnered first runner up at her school 's Mister and Miss UE pageant , and said she joined the Binibining Pilipinas competition to gain " experiences , new friends and opportunities " .
He was Horatius on the tottering bridge ; Hector , who alone stood between Troy and destruction . He was born to rescue . But he is more dangerous than those who are stubborn or grim . He has something of D 'Artagnan in him ; there is a gaiety besides the simplicity and strength ; seen in the slight list of the cap , and in a certain jauntiness and optimism of gait . " Although he did not have to face top class fast bowling in Test matches , he was successful against English fast bowlers such as Harold Larwood in county cricket , and he established his ascendancy over O 'Reilly , the world 's best bowler at the time .
He first met Jekyll in 1875 — they were in accord in their design principles and maintained a close friendship and professional association for over 50 years . He helped her on her garden at Munstead Wood ; she provided plants for his garden at Gravetye Manor . Jekyll wrote about Robinson that : ... when English gardening was mostly represented by the innate futilities of the " bedding " system , with its wearisome repetitions and garish colouring , Mr William Robinson chose as his work in live to make better known the treasures that were lying neglected , and at the same time to overthrow the feeble follies of the " bedding " system .
Then he jumped . ” Chappuis was rescued by an Italian partisan , Aldo Comucci , a 21 year old who was in charge of one of the many underground groups operating in the area . Comucci and his band of resistance fighters got to Chappuis before the Germans and hid him and two other American flyers from the same plane for nearly three months until the end of the war . The partisans passed Chappuis and the two other Americans from house to house , and village to village , toward the Swiss frontier . Dressed in shawls — but still wearing G.I. shoes — they once walked undetected past a German sentry .
In the 1880s , long after the members of The Five had gone their separate ways , another group called the Belyayev circle took up where they left off . Tchaikovsky enjoyed close relations with the leading members of this group — Alexander Glazunov , Anatoly Lyadov and , by then , Rimsky Korsakov . With the exception of Mikhail Glinka , who became the first " truly Russian " composer , the only music indigenous to Russia before Tchaikovsky 's birthday in 1840 were folk and sacred music ; the Russian Orthodox Church 's proscription of secular music had effectively stifled its development .
In Cuba , impacts were minimal . The cyclone produced sustained winds up to 43 mph ( 69 km / h ) and pressures as low as 1,004 mb ( 29.65 inHg ) in the Bahamas . In South Florida , the cyclone did not produce tropical storm force winds , although thunderstorms produced 1.20 inches ( 30.48 mm ) of rainfall at Miami , Florida , on September 16 . No severe effects occurred and the storm was not mentioned in the monthly notations of the local U.S. Weather Bureau office in Miami . However , its presence and that of the Great Miami hurricane , then of Category 4 intensity and in the South Central Bahamas , caused confusion in the local press .
The following week , however , Mysterio was removed from the elimination match , as Long booked Mysterio in a Fatal Four Way match for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship . Guerrero was given a week to choose a member for his team at Survivor Series . On the November 11 episode of SmackDown ! , Guerrero announced that John Cena , who was recovering from a storyline injury , would be joining his team at Survivor Series . Before the event went live on pay per view , World Tag Team Champions La Résistance ( Sylvan Grenier and Robért Conway ) defeated The Hurricane and Rosey in a non title match shown live on Sunday Night Heat .
In June 1853 , John Wesley Hillman became the first non Native American explorer to report sighting the lake he named the " Deep Blue Lake . " The lake was renamed at least three times , as Blue Lake , Lake Majesty , and finally Crater Lake . The lake is 5 by 6 miles ( 8.0 by 9.7 km ) across , with a caldera rim ranging in elevation from 7,000 to 8,000 feet ( 2,100 to 2,400 m ) and an average lake depth of 1,148 feet ( 350 m ) . The lake 's maximum depth has been measured at 1,949 feet ( 594 m ) , which fluctuates slightly as the weather changes .
The future Avatar then uses the power gathered for Grima 's resurrection to restore its dragon form . In a race against time , Chrom performs the Awakening and summons Naga . Although Chrom now has the power to stop Grima , Naga reveals that she only has enough power to put Grima to sleep for another thousand years . Naga explains that the only way to truly destroy Grima is to have him destroy himself through the Avatar , which could come at cost of the Avatar 's life . Naga tells them that the Avatar will only survive if their bonds with Chrom and the Shepherds are strong enough .
The third phase was to be conducted by the 161st Brigade ( less one battalion ) and the 163rd Brigade ( 54th Division ) against Gaza 's south western defences , while the fourth phase by the 162nd Brigade was to capture Gun Hill and Sheikh Hasan 3,500 yards ( 3,200 m ) behind the front line at Sheikh Ajlin . On 1 and 2 November , the Ottoman 7th and 53rd Divisions continued to defend most of their front line , carrying out locally successful counterattacks . On 1 November , the assault of Umbrella Hill — a sand dune two thousand yards ( 1,800 m ) south – west of Gaza to the west of the Rafa to Gaza road overlooking the main objectives — was to begin at 23 : 00 .
" Boston style songwriting tends to be more about lyric than melody , is intimate and thoughtful but also relevant , often addressing social issues . Boston style songwriting does not only refer to Boston musicians , but includes national artists such as Shawn Colvin , John Gorka , Susan Werner , Bill Morrissey , and Dar Williams . In an interview with Paul Freeman for the East Bay Daily News , Paul commented on how he hopes audience members relate to his songs , " Each song is supposed to be like a little three dimensional world . I 'm hoping to invite them in , have them make out the details and the reasons for being there , and apply them to their own lives .
On the first play of the quarter , Tech quarterback Al Clark was sacked by Brian Simmons , and this time he fumbled the ball . The loose ball was picked up in the end zone by Carolina defender Greg Ellis for the Tar Heels ' third touchdown of the game . Because North Carolina missed its extra point kick following its previous touchdown , Tar Heels ' head coach Carl Torbush ordered the team to attempt a two point conversion in order to gain the missed extra point from the previous play . A pass attempt by Keldorf fell incomplete , but with just seven seconds elapsed in the second quarter , North Carolina led 22 – 0 .
Like the previous battle at Ad Decimum , it is again notable that Belisarius failed to keep his forces together , and was forced to fight with a considerable numerical disadvantage . The dispersal of his army after the battle , looting heedlessly and leaving themselves vulnerable to a potential Vandal counter attack was also an indication of the poor discipline in the Roman army and the command difficulties Belisarius faced . As Bury comments , the expedition 's fate might have been quite different " if Belisarius had been opposed to a commander of some ability and experience in warfare " , and points out that Procopius himself " expresses amazement at the issue of the war , and does not hesitate to regard it not as a feat of superior strategy but as a paradox of fortune " .
In support of Dystopia , Megadeth embarked on a North American tour in February and March with Suicidal Tendencies , Children of Bodom and Havok . Menza died from a heart attack in May while performing with OHM at a jazz club in Los Angeles . Mustaine announced that Adler , who performed double duty drumming , was no longer in the band because of scheduling conflicts between Megadeth and Lamb of God . He was replaced by Dirk Verbeuren from Soilwork , on Adler 's recommendation . A second US tour is planned for September and October with Amon Amarth , Suicidal Tendencies , Metal Church , and Havok .
Exportation of merinos without royal permission was also a punishable offense , thus ensuring a near absolute monopoly on the breed until the mid 18th century . After the breaking of the export ban , fine wool sheep began to be distributed worldwide . The export to Rambouillet by Louis XVI in 1786 formed the basis for the modern Rambouillet ( or French Merino ) breed . After the Napoleonic Wars and the global distribution of the once exclusive Spanish stocks of Merinos , sheep raising in Spain reverted to hardy coarse wooled breeds such as the Churra , and was no longer of international economic significance .
He spoke in favor of fathers ' arranging their daughters ' marriages and told women to embody submission by serving their husbands as God . Polygamy or serial monogamy were allowed , and legal marriage was discouraged . Clarence 13X encouraged his followers to have many children and discouraged the use of birth control . NOI leaders were angry that Clarence 13X freely taught portions of their doctrine that they only revealed to committed members ; although one of their captains repeatedly asked him to stop , he refused . Clarence 13X also experienced conflict within his family : his children did not revere him , and hostility quickly developed between core Five Percenters and some of his sons when Willeen Jowers brought them to visit him .
A 1956 Scrooge McDuck comic by Carl Barks , Land Beneath the Ground ! , introduced Terries and Fermies ( a play on the phrase terra firma ) , creatures who move from place to place by rolling . The Terries and Fermies have made a sport of their rolling abilities , causing earthquakes in the process . Tuf Voyaging , a 1986 science fiction novel by George R. R. Martin , features an alien called a Rolleram , described as a " berserk living cannonball of enormous size " , which kills its prey by rolling over it and crushing it , before digesting it externally .
He amasses a number of survival skills including lock picking , self defense , and pickpocketing . Much of this he learns from older versions of himself . Once their timelines converge " naturally " at the library — their first meeting in his chronology — Henry starts to travel to Clare 's childhood and adolescence in South Haven , Michigan , beginning in 1977 when she is six years old . On one of his early visits ( from her perspective ) , Henry gives her a list of the dates he will appear and she writes them in a diary so she will remember to provide him with clothes and food when he arrives .
To ensure that physical fitness was maintained there were frequent games of football in the half light outside the hut ; Scott recorded that " Atkinson is by far the best player , but Hooper , P.O. Evans and Crean are also quite good . " The South Polar Times , which had been produced by Shackleton during the Discovery expedition , was resurrected under Cherry Garrard 's editorship . On 6 June a feast was arranged , to mark Scott 's 43rd birthday ; a second celebration on 21 June marked Midwinter Day , the day that marks the midpoint of the long polar night .
The score was recorded at Warner Bros. Scoring studios in Burbank , California . Williams was nominated for two Academy Awards in 1978 , one for his score to Star Wars and one for his score to Close Encounters . He won for Star Wars , though he later won two Grammy Awards in 1979 for his Close Encounters score ( one for Best Original Film Score and one for Best Instrumental Composition for " Theme from Close Encounters " ) . The soundtrack album was released on vinyl album ( with a gatefold sleeve ) , 8 track tape and audio cassette by Arista Records in 1977 , with a total running time of 41 minutes ( it was later released on compact disc in 1990 ) .
Other aspects of O 2 are covered in the remainder of this article . Trioxygen ( O 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue . Ozone is produced in the upper atmosphere when O 2 combines with atomic oxygen made by the splitting of O 2 by ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation . Since ozone absorbs strongly in the UV region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet . Near the Earth 's surface , it is a pollutant formed as a by product of automobile exhaust .
The secondary armament consisted of 14 Elswick Ordnance Company " Pattern Z " quick firing ( QF ) , 6 inch ( 152 mm ) guns . Only four of these guns were not mounted in armored casemates on the main and upper decks and their mounts on the upper deck were protected by gun shields . Asama was also equipped with a dozen QF 12 pounder 12 cwt guns and eight QF 2.5 pounder Yamauchi guns as close range defense against torpedo boats . The ship was equipped with five 457 mm ( 18.0 in ) torpedo tubes , one above water in the bow and four submerged tubes , two on each broadside .
He proved a critical favorite , with commentators doting on him praise normally accorded to popular ballet dancers . That August , the Theatrical Times wrote , " The performances of this young man are far above the common performances of the mountebanks who give imitations of American and Negro character ; there is an ideality in what he does that makes his efforts at once grotesque and poetical , without losing sight of the reality of representation . " An anonymous clipping from the 1848 season says , [ T ] he dancing of Juba exceeded anything ever witnessed in Europe ... The American Juba has for some years drawn immense audiences whenever he has appeared .
Instead , the chunks of spalled ore were mechanically stamped to fine grains , and washed into a series of collecting pits to separate the coarse ' rough ' from the fine ' slimes ' . The resulting rough and slimes were separated out on large wooden frames ( ' buddling ' and ' framing ' respectively ) , to extract the tin ore from the surrounding dust and grit . Following the introduction of the mechanical ore crusher in 1804 the tasks traditionally carried out by bal maidens began to be mechanised . Despite this , the rapid growth of the mines in comparison to the slow spread of mechanisation meant the number of bal maidens appears to have risen steadily , although statistics for the number of women employed in the mines in the early days of industrialisation are incomplete and a few are contradictory .
... What I need to know is , what is he running for ? " Sestak insisted he would not make a final decision for several months . On May 4 , he met with Andy Stern , president of the Service Employees International Union , which fueled speculation that he was seeking labor support for a campaign . Meanwhile , Joe Torsella , the former president of the National Constitution Center , had planned on running for the Democratic nomination and initially announced Specter 's party change would not affect his decision to run . However , Torsella announced on May 14 he was dropping out of the race because Specter 's decision changed the political landscape , and he wanted to avoid a campaign that " would probably be negative , personal , and more about Senator Specter 's past than our common future " .
For example , loanwords in Huave having " diaphonic identification " with Spanish include àsét ( ' oil ' , from Spanish aceite ) and kàwíy ( ' horse ' , from Spanish caballo ) . This perception of sameness with native phonology means that speakers of the borrower language ( in this case , Huave ) will hear new features from the loaner language ( in this case , Spanish ) as equivalent to features of their own and substitute in their own when reproducing them . In these interlanguage transfers , when phonemes or phonotactic constraints are too different , more extreme compromises may occur ; for example , the English phrase Merry Christmas , when borrowed into Hawaiian , becomes mele kalikimaka .
Montgomery believed that they should attack during a stormy night , therefore the British would not be able to see them . On December 27 , the weather became stormy , and Montgomery ordered that the men prepare to attack . However , the storm soon subsided and Montgomery called off the attack . As Montgomery waited for a storm , he was forced to revise his plans , because a deserter communicated the original plan to the defenders . In the new plan , Montgomery would attack the Lower Town from the south and Arnold would attack the Lower Town from the north .
Andrews was not reappointed as commander of General Headquarters Air Force when his term expired on 1 March 1939 . Exactly as happened with Billy Mitchell , he was returned in rank to colonel ( his permanent establishment rank ) and assigned as air officer of the Eighth Corps Area in San Antonio , Texas . His " exile " in San Antonio was brief , however . In August , prospective Army Chief of Staff Marshall had Andrews promoted over the objections of Secretary Woodring and General Craig , beginning a climb to higher command for Andrews that culminated in promotion to lieutenant general and appointment as commander of the European Theater of Operations .
The production returned to Wilmington in mid October for additional filming . On November 1 , scenes were shot at the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens . Filming in the United States wrapped on November 7 in Wilmington . Filming began in Beijing , China on December 10 . Filming was scheduled to wrap a week later on December 17 , 2012 . The China filming did not include the main cast and crew . In January 2013 , it was reported that a film crew led by Shane Black would begin location scouting in Hyderabad , India and Bengaluru , India between January 20 and 24 .
The first experiment entailed fitting a Worthington feed pump to No . A819 in 1924 . The trial was moderately successful , and the pump remained in use until removal in 1927 . In June 1930 , No . A816 was withdrawn from service for the application of experimental Anderson steam conservation equipment at Eastleigh Works . This was designed by a Scottish marine draughtsman , Mr. A.P.H. Anderson , who proposed the use of a fan system to condense spent steam and improve draughting of the fire on long distance runs in regions with poor access to water . No .
He is openly antagonistic toward religion . Gina Torres as Zoe Alleyne Washburne — second in command onboard Serenity , a loyal wartime friend of Captain Reynolds , and the wife of Wash . Her surname during the Unification War was Alleyne . She was born and raised on a ship and served under Mal during the war as a corporal . Described by her husband as a " warrior woman " , she is a capable fighter who keeps calm even in the most dangerous situations . She demonstrates an almost unconditional loyalty to Mal , the only exception noted being her marriage to Wash , which the captain claims was against his orders .
Sega released a sequel in March 2009 , Sonic and the Black Knight ; the two form what is known as the Storybook series . Sonic and the Secret Rings was de listed in 2010 , due to Sega 's decision to remove all Sonic titles with sub average Metacritic scores from retail stores in order to increase the value of their brand after positive reviews for Sonic the Hedgehog 4 : Episode I and Sonic Colors . Sonic and the Secret Rings is a three dimensional platform and action game featuring an on rails style of movement . Sonic the Hedgehog , the series ' main character , is the game 's only player character .
What is an adjutant , other than a young officer who transmits orders , and even messages , he receives from his chief ? " He concluded : " Thus the title of adjutant cannot encumber an officer who supervises the armada 's discipline and answers for it " . His request to have the designation for the position changed to a more appropriate title was ignored . He also felt slighted that many of his proposals to the navy boards regarding improvements were not acted on , and on 21 November 1860 , he asked to be removed from all positions .
The spring 2014 SNI count was 68 sea otters , continuing a 5 year positive trend of over 16 % per year . When the FWS implemented the translocation program , it also attempted to implement " zonal management " of the Californian population . To manage the competition between sea otters and fisheries , it declared an " otter free zone " stretching from Point Conception to the Mexican border . In this zone , only San Nicolas Island was designated as sea otter habitat , and sea otters found elsewhere in the area were supposed to be captured and relocated .
The last fighter delivery took place on 23 April 1945 . It was also on this day that the final Croatian kills were scored when an ex HZL 16 kill ace and his wingman claimed two RAF P 51 Mustangs shot down in their Bf 109Gs , one of which was confirmed . The last attack mission was flown on 6 May , when two ancient Rogožarski R 100 fighter trainers bombed the railway bridge over the Kupa River in an effort to stop the Partisan advance on Karlovac , south of Zagreb . One of the Yugoslav built parasol wing aircraft was hit by ground fire and the pilot crash landed near his target .
Sestak claimed that was because he was serving in the military and wished to be nonpartisan , but Specter called that a " lame excuse for avoiding party affiliation ... undercut by his documented disinterest in the political process " , pointing out that records indicated Sestak voted in only 12 out of 35 elections from 1971 to 2005 . A day after Sestak formally entered the race , Specter described Sestak 's recent 67 county tour as a " taxpayer financed self promotion tour around the state " . Specter 's campaign also accused Sestak of neglecting his duties in the House and missing more than 100 votes in the last year , which Specter called the worst attendance record for any Pennsylvania Congressman .
Japanese troops were able to seize 203 Hill which overlooked the harbor on 5 December . This allowed the Imperial Japanese Army 's 28 centimeter ( 11 in ) siege guns to fire directly at the Russian ships ; they hit Pobeda approximately 30 times and sank her in shallow water on 7 December 1904 . Russian attempts to destroy the ship before they surrendered were frustrated because her vital parts were already underwater . Pobeda was refloated by Japanese engineers on 17 October 1905 and was classified as a 1st class battleship by the IJN . She was renamed as Suwo on 25 October , after the eponymous ancient province .
For example , a kosher lubricating oil may be replaced by one containing tallow , which many rabbinic authorities view as non kosher . Such changes are often co ordinated with the supervising rabbi , or supervising organisation , to ensure that new packaging does not suggest any hechsher or kashrut . In some cases , however , existing stocks of pre printed labels with the hechsher may continue to be used on the now non kosher product . An active grapevine among the Jewish community discusses which products are now questionable , as well as products which have become kosher but whose labels have yet to carry the hechsher .
The lake is annually stocked with bluegill , catfish , and bass . Aside from the reservoir , there is no body of water in the watershed that is navigable . There are several other parks in the watershed ; these are Crown Valley Park , Sulphur Creek Park , and others . A paved trail follows Sulphur Creek from near the terminus of Crown Valley Park to near its mouth at Alicia Parkway . The Geographic Names Information System lists " Arroyo Salada " ( Spanish : Salt Canyon ) as a variant name . Cañada Salada , translated to " Valley of Salt " or " Salt Canyon " ( Durham 's Place Names of the Greater Los Angeles Area , 2001 ) is another name for the lower section of the creek .
In 1870 – 72 the Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales by John Marius Wilson described Bentworth as ... a village and parish in Alton district , Hants . The village stands 3 ½ miles WNW of Alton r. station , and had a post office under Alton . The parish comprises 3,688 acres ( 1,492 ha ) . Real property , £ 4,091 . Pop . , 647 . Houses , 123 . George Withers , the poet ; sold property in Bentworth at the outbreak of the civil war ( 1642 ) , to raise a troop of horse .
In 1969 , The Beast became the first holder of the IW North American Heavyweight Championship . On August 5 , he gained a second title when he teamed with his brother Rudy Kay to defeat The Fabulous Kangaroos ( Al Costello and Don Kent ) to win the ESA International Tag Team Championship . Three weeks later , he dropped the North American title to The Stomper ( Archie Gouldie ) , who became his longtime rival . He then began competing for the Amarillo , Texas based territory of the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) . He won the NWA Western States Heavyweight Championship and held it for several months before losing it in a match against Ricky Romero on February 2 , 1970 .
Thompson received the Best Adapted Screenplay , becoming the only person to have won Academy Awards for both acting and screenwriting . Sense and Sensibility contributed to a resurgence in popularity for Austen 's works , and has led to many more productions in similar genres . It persists in being recognised as one of the best Austen adaptations of all time . On his deathbed , Mr. Dashwood ( Tom Wilkinson ) tells his son from his first marriage , John ( James Fleet ) , to take care of his second wife ( Gemma Jones ) and three daughters , Elinor ( Emma Thompson ) , Marianne ( Kate Winslet ) and Margaret ( Emilie François ) , since they will inherit nothing .
" He argued that the general details provided in this case 's 911 call were unreliable , because " everyone in the world who saw the car would have that knowledge , and anyone who wanted the car stopped would have to provide that information . " Likewise , Justice Scalia argued that there was no evidence that the report of being run off the road was actually true . Justice Scalia also criticized the majority 's conclusion that the tip provided reasonable suspicion that Lorenzo and Jose Prado Navarette were driving while drunk , because " the truck might have swerved to avoid an animal , a pothole , or a jaywalking pedestrian .... Or , indeed , he might have intentionally forced the tipster off the road because of some personal animus , or hostility to her ' Make Love , Not War ' bumper sticker .
Part of the debt was paid off by the SPD , while the rest was apportioned among the local unions . This practice was replaced in 1900 by a far more complex system of assessments and donations designed to raise the money to support strikes . This system was replaced in 1901 because it was impractical . The 1901 system required every local union and the central committee to create strike funds . Local unions would receive support for strikes from Berlin under certain circumstances , and the central Business Committee 's fund would be replenished by all member organizations in amounts proportional to their membership and the average wage of their members .
It is the result of an autoimmune reaction in which antibodies are formed against presynaptic voltage gated calcium channels , and likely other nerve terminal proteins , in the neuromuscular junction ( the connection between nerves and the muscle that they supply ) . The prevalence is 3.4 cases per million . Around 60 % of those with LEMS have an underlying malignancy , most commonly small cell lung cancer ; it is therefore regarded as a paraneoplastic syndrome ( a condition that arises as a result of cancer elsewhere in the body ) . LEMS usually occurs in people over 40 years of age , but it may occur any age .
On 9 April 1809 Heber married Amelia Shipley , the youngest daughter of the Dean of St Asaph . He withdrew from Oxford , having secured his M.A. , and set himself up permanently in the Hodnet rectory ; finding this too small for his wife 's liking he had the house demolished and a larger replacement built . In September 1813 Heber preached a sermon in Shrewsbury to the British and Foreign Bible Society , a missionary organisation of which he had been a member since his undergraduate days . The sermon ended with what Hughes describes as Heber 's first public declaration in support of the work of overseas missions .
Both proceedings were discontinued by the District Attorney in September 1997 . Meili was suspended from his job at the security company that served UBS , following a criminal investigation . Meili and his family left Switzerland for the United States where they were granted political asylum . In 1997 , the World Jewish Congress lawsuit against Swiss banks was launched to retrieve deposits made by victims of Nazi persecution during and prior to World War II , ultimately resulting in a settlement of US $ 1.25 billion in August 1998 . Shortly after the end of World War II , Union Bank of Switzerland completed the acquisition of the Eidgenössische Bank , a large Zürich based bank that became insolvent .
Grossman played college football for the University of Florida . He was selected by the Chicago Bears in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft , and has also played professionally for the NFL 's Houston Texans and Washington Redskins . As a college quarterback , Grossman led the Florida Gators to the 2000 Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) championship , the 2001 Sugar Bowl , the 2002 Orange Bowl and the 2003 Outback Bowl . He was a consensus first team All American and was the runner up for the Heisman Trophy in 2001 . Grossman spent most of his first three NFL seasons with the Chicago Bears sidelined with injuries .
A review in the Leicester Mercury noted of Theroux 's interview techniques , " His subtle interviewing style was perfect for showing off the crazy views of the members . " The documentary was highlighted in The Sydney Morning Herald among " The week 's best " , and characterised as , " Disturbing , perplexing and very entertaining . " A follow up documentary by Theroux , America 's Most Hated Family in Crisis , was first broadcast on BBC Two on 3 April 2011 . The documentary focuses on the Westboro Baptist Church , headed by Fred Phelps and based in Topeka , Kansas .
Congress established the Metro Transit Police Department ( MTPD ) on June 4 , 1976 . MTPD police officers have jurisdiction and arrest powers for crimes that occur throughout the 1,500 square mile ( 3,900 km2 ) Transit Zone that includes Maryland , Virginia , and the District of Columbia . In December 2010 , MTPD began conducting random searches of carry on bags for explosive and weapons at checkpoints located at randomly designated Metrorail stations . The Office of Inspector General was originally authorized by Board Resolution 2006 – 18 , approved by the WMATA Board on April 20 , 2006 .
In Game 7 of the first round of the playoffs , he hit a go ahead shot with a second left to lift the Clippers over the Spurs despite a hamstring injury . The injury forced him to miss the first two games of the next series versus the Houston Rockets , and Los Angeles eventually lost in seven games despite holding a 3 – 1 series lead . The defeat marked ten consecutive seasons and seven consecutive playoff appearances without a Conference Finals appearance for Paul . Paul made his debut for the United States national team at the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan .
George Mason III ( 1690 – 1735 ) , served in the House of Burgesses , and like his father was county lieutenant . George Mason IV 's mother , Ann Thomson Mason , was the daughter of a former Attorney General of Virginia who had immigrated from London , and was of a Yorkshire family . The Masons lived in a colonial Virginia that had few roads , as most commerce was carried on Chesapeake Bay or through the waters of the Potomac , Rappahannock or other rivers . Most settlement took place near the rivers , through which planters could trade with the world .
To prevent tenants from vacating their properties , the player must keep their stress low by fulfilling their demands for medical centers , parking lots , recycling facilities , clean hotel rooms with the help of housekeepers , and an efficient transportation system , which involves managing elevator traffic . SimTower , which was built around an elevator simulation program , places a strong emphasis on good elevator management . The game begins with a one star tower with limited building options . To increase the tower 's star rating , it must attract more tenants by providing more living space ( or office space , and later in the game , hotel and various commercial space ) .
The same Washington Post critic later wrote in the Los Angeles Times that because Morrissey was not a film star , the chemistry between him and Stone had been spoiled . Nathan Rabin of The A.V. Club wrote that Morrissey had " the charisma of beige wallpaper " and that " the producers could have replaced him halfway through shooting with a handsome mahogany coat rack and nobody would be able to tell the difference " . The bad reviews depressed Morrissey , and he briefly considered giving up acting , but instead saw the role as a chance to learn .
These studies began to justify different means of determining value — some of which influenced the theory of social capital and individual capital , that emerged in the late 1990s and , along with ecological economics , influenced modern human development theory . ( See also the entry on Gender and Social Capital . ) Unpaid work can include domestic work , care work , subsistence work , unpaid market labor and voluntary work . There is no clear consensus on the definition of these categories . But broadly speaking , these kinds of work can be seen as contributing to the reproduction of society .
It holds the Guinness World record for fastest selling book of fiction in 24 hours for U.S. sales . At WH Smith , sales reportedly reached a rate of 15 books sold per second . By June 2008 , nearly a year after it was published , worldwide sales were reportedly around 44 million . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows has won several awards . In 2007 , the book was named one of The New York Times 100 Notable Books , and one of its Notable Children 's Books . The novel was named the best book of 2007 , by Newsweek 's critic Malcolm Jones .
The village assembly was responsible for collecting government land taxes . Land revenue was called Siddhaya and included the original assessment ( Kula ) plus various cesses . Taxes were levied on professions , marriages , goods in transit on chariots or carriages , and domesticated animals . Taxes on commodities ( gold , precious stones , perfumes , sandalwood , ropes , yarn , housing , hearths , shops , cattle pans , sugarcane presses ) as well as produce ( black pepper , betel leaves , ghee , paddy , spices , palm leaves , coconuts , sugar ) are noted in village records .
The four girls sometimes signed letters using the nickname , OTMA , which was derived from the first letters of their first names . Despite her energy , Anastasia 's physical health was sometimes poor . The Grand Duchess suffered from painful bunions , which affected both of her big toes . Anastasia had a weak muscle in her back and was prescribed twice weekly massage . She hid under the bed or in a cupboard to put off the massage . Anastasia 's older sister , Maria , reportedly hemorrhaged in December 1914 during an operation to remove her tonsils , according to her paternal aunt Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia , who was interviewed later in her life .
In both areas , the bog turtle colonies tend to occupy widely scattered ranges . The northern population is the larger of the two . These individuals make their home in states as far north as Connecticut and Massachusetts , and as far south as Maryland . These turtles are known to have fewer than 200 habitable sites left , a number that is decreasing . The southern population is much smaller in number ( only about 96 colonies have been located ) , living in the states of North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , Virginia , and Tennessee .
After the disastrous losses of Operation Bodenplatte , and failing to maintain air superiority over the Ardennes area , a severely weakened II . / JG 1 transferred to Insterburg in East Prussia ( modern Chernyakhovsk in Russia ) . I. / JG 1 faced British fighters over Hengelo Twente on 14 January 1945 . JG 1 lost 12 pilots with 7 being killed , 3 wounded and 2 missing . Spitfires shot down the entire 1. and 2. staffels of JG 1 at Twente airport as they took off ( for the loss of two ) . Ihlefeld threatened to court martial Major G. Capito , the new leader of I. / JG 1 , for such a disastrous loss but was unable to during the transferring to the Eastern Front .
Drummond 's former protegé Julian Cope was unimpressed , claiming that Drummond still owed him money . " He burned a million pounds which was not all his , and some of it was mine . People should pay off their creditors before they pull intellectual dry wank stunts like that . " On 17 September 1997 , a new film , This Brick , was premiered . The film consisted of one three minute shot of a brick made from the ashes of the money burnt at Jura . It was shown at the Barbican Centre prior to Drummond and Cauty 's performance as 2K .
Produced by the band and recorded by Jim Bryson ( the band 's keyboardist ) , the album was released on October 14 , 1999 . In contrast to the band 's previous efforts , which were influenced by grunge music , The Worship Project is a worship album . MercyMe wrote songs for the album using a basic verse – chorus style so as to be easy to learn and sing along to and to easily fit on a PowerPoint screen . The album incorporates alternative , rock , and pop musical styles , as well as " rootsy " elements like organs and violins .
As the fortress prospers , migrants come in larger numbers from the mountainhome ( the colony 's home civilization ) and will need further accommodation . Trading caravans , which can be from the various neighboring civilizations including the home civilization , visit the fortress on a yearly basis and are useful for getting supplies not available in the player 's fortress area . The role of bookkeeper , manager and broker can be assigned to any dwarf during early game . The bookkeeper maintains records of every item present in the fort , the manager auto assigns jobs and the broker deals with trading caravans .
I would write tons of stuff in my head , and forget . Some songs on Being There , I don 't think I ever wrote any lyrics down ... To fight that , I started writing words on paper and making up melodies to go with them . By writing things down , and putting more words into my head , it put more words in my mouth when I turned on the tape recorder to sing . The sessions produced a number of songs , including " I 'm Always in Love " , " She 's a Jar " and the Henry Miller inspired murder ballad " Via Chicago " .
Ray Daniels , the manager of musical duo Rock City ( brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas ) , was present during the sessions , and stated that a writing camp typically involves the label hiring ten recording studios for two weeks at the cost of $ 25,000 per day . Daniels revealed that it is where songwriters have lyrics but no music , and where producers have music but no lyrics . Singer songwriters and producers Taio Cruz , Alex da Kid , Sean Garrett , Ne Yo , Rico Love , Timbaland , Shontelle , David Guetta , and Drake contributed to the album .
From the gallery they hung a poster of Kevin Barry , a Dublin Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) volunteer executed by the British during the War of Independence . A crowd gathered below , and began to sing the Irish rebel song " Kevin Barry " . Eventually members of the Gardaí ( Irish police ) broke into the Pillar and ended the demonstration . No action was taken against the students , whose principal purpose , the Gardaí claimed , was publicity . In 1956 , members of the Fianna Fáil party , then in opposition , proposed that the statue be replaced by one of Robert Emmet , Protestant leader of an abortive rebellion in 1803 .
Young 's fourth goal of the season came against Wrexham came after he scored an 82nd minute equaliser on 9 March 2010 . He scored the winning goal in a 3 – 2 victory over Kidderminster after shooting from 12 yards on 3 April 2010 . He finished the season with 44 appearances and six goals . Young joined fellow Conference Premier team York City on a one year contract on 24 May 2010 and so returned to playing full time . He made his debut in a 2 – 1 defeat at Fleetwood Town on 30 August 2010 and he scored York 's only goal in the 87th minute with a header from an Alex Lawless cross .
One person drowned due to the flooding rains . Runoff on the Fitzroy River caused by Cyclone Beni resulted in a moderate flood with an estimated return period of four years at Rockhampton . The cyclone 's heavy rains helped ease drought problems in Queensland . Nine shires in Central Queensland were declared disaster areas . Additionally , strong winds left power outages in Agnes Water and 1770 . Overall , Beni resulted in damages of at least A $ 10 million ( US $ 6 million ) in Queensland . An area of convection began developing into a tropical low on 3 February , while located about 970 km ( 600 mi ) north of Karratha , Western Australia .
In practice , although Egypt bore most of the costs of the military conquest and occupation of Sudan , the British ran the country as they chose . The head of the military and the civil administration under the 19 January 1899 Condominium Agreement was a British nominated Governor General , who acted independently of the Cairo government . After the British took control , Abd al Rahman lived at first with a relative in the Gezira . On the advice of the Inspector General Slatin Pasha , Abd al Rahman was constantly watched in the early years of British rule , was given a very small allowance and was not allowed to call himself Imam or the Mahdi .
The mushroom grows singly or in clusters , often appearing in old knotholes and wounds in elms and maples . V. bombycina contains compounds with antibacterial properties . The species was first described in 1774 by German naturalist Jacob Christian Schäffer as Agaricus bombycinus . Throughout its taxonomical history , it has been shuffled to several genera , including Pluteus ( by Elias Fries in 1836 ) , Volvaria ( Paul Kummer , 1871 ) , and Volvariopsis ( William Alphonso Murrill , 1911 ) . Rolf Singer placed it in its current genus , Volvariella , in 1951 . Other names that have been applied to the species include Jean Baptiste Lamarck 's Amanita calyptrata and August Johann Georg Karl Batsch 's Agaricus denudatus ( both published in 1783 ) , but these are illegitimate names as Schäffer 's earlier 1774 name has priority .
The German ships made no hostile move British ships , nor did they try to flee the scene and it was assumed by the British that they had mistaken the British ships for friendly vessels . The German flotilla had been sent out of the Ems River to mine the southern coast of Britain including the mouth of the Thames and had been intercepted before reaching its objective . The British squadron out gunned the German 7th Half Flotilla , the Undaunted ( Captain Cecil Fox , squadron commander ) — an Arethusa class light cruiser — was armed with two BL 6 inch Mk XII naval guns and seven QF 4 inch Mk V naval guns , in single mounts ( most without gun shields ) and eight torpedo tubes .
Copán reached the height of its cultural and artistic development during the rule of Uaxaclajuun Ub 'aah K 'awiil , who ruled from 695 to 738 . His reign ended catastrophically when he was captured by his vassal , king K 'ak ' Tiliw Chan Yopaat of Quiriguá . The captured lord of Copán was taken back to Quiriguá and was decapitated in a public ritual . It is likely that this coup was backed by Calakmul , in order to weaken a powerful ally of Tikal . Palenque and Yaxchilan were the most powerful cities in the Usumacinta region .
Typical military equipment included bows and arrows , spears , and round topped shields made by stretching animal skin over a wooden frame . In the New Kingdom , the military began using chariots that had earlier been introduced by the Hyksos invaders . Weapons and armor continued to improve after the adoption of bronze : shields were now made from solid wood with a bronze buckle , spears were tipped with a bronze point , and the Khopesh was adopted from Asiatic soldiers . The pharaoh was usually depicted in art and literature riding at the head of the army ; it has been suggested that at least a few pharaohs , such as Seqenenre Tao II and his sons , did do so .
" Perceptual conditions of association " . Psychological Monographs , 74 ( 3 ) , 1 48 . Asch S. E. , & Ebenholtz S. M. ( 1962a ) . " The principle of associative symmetry " . Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society , 106 , 135 163 . Asch S. E. , & Ebenholtz S. M. ( 1962b ) . " The process of free recall : evidence for non associative factors in acquisition and retention " . Journal of Psychology , 54 , 3 31 . Asch S. E. , Hay J. , & Mendoza R. ( 1960 ) .
He then sees a brochure on her dresser with a man posing as a president and offering help with fake dreams . Homer realizes the family faked his dream to convince him not to endorse Nugent . As a result , he angrily decides to go on television and express his support for Nugent . However , when he tries to bring out his ability to cry every time he discusses anything on television , he finds he cannot bring up those emotions because he does not truly believe in what he is saying . Homer announces on television that he " is full of crap " and reconciles with Lisa .
Wacht had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men . As built , the ship was armed with three 10.5 cm ( 4.1 in ) K L / 35 guns placed in single pivot mounts . The guns were supplied with a total of 180 rounds of ammunition . Wacht also carried three 35 cm ( 14 in ) torpedo tubes , one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck mounted launchers on the broadside . In 1891 , four 8.8 cm SK L / 30 guns in single mounts were added . The ship was the first German aviso to carry armor : a 10 mm ( 0.39 in ) thick deck , along with 25 mm ( 0.98 in ) of armor plating for the conning tower .
The dimensions for the long gallery are given as 125 feet ( 38 m ) long with a ceiling height of 15 feet ( 4.6 m ) and 10 feet ( 3.0 m ) wide . Decorated in a deep maroon , steel engravings , drawings and old prints adorn the walls . It was furnished with antiques and an organ was the centrepiece . Some of the first floor rooms accessed from the gallery were a Ballroom and a Drawing Room . Three arches separated these two rooms and the side arches were fitted with mirrors . Silk damask in a light blue shade was the Ball Room wall covering while satin of a light green colour was used in the Drawing Room .
In the meantime a range of other schools had appeared . After the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 and mid century Irish immigration , Catholic teaching orders from Ireland and mainland Europe began to establish their own grammar schools . New proprietary schools were established , initially as joint stock companies , converting to charities if they were successful . One of the largest such companies was the Girls ' Public Day School Company ( later Trust ) , set up to provide an affordable academic education for girls , which had established 32 schools by 1894 . In the latter part of the century , many of the less wealthy schools received annual grants from the Department of Science and Art and from their county councils .
At home , as President , he signed an ordinance that gave the new government wide powers to imprison people for up to a year without trial under preventive detention and ordered the imposition of President 's rule in nine opposition ruled states on the advice of the government . Reddy was succeeded as President by Giani Zail Singh who was sworn in on 25 July 1982 . In his farewell address to the nation , Reddy criticised the failure of successive governments in improving the lives of the Indian masses and called for the emergence of a strong political opposition to prevent governmental misrule .
The term was used to describe a number of amateur wrestlers such as Myroslav Dykun and Yana Stadnik who had not been born in the UK and had been given British citizenship . Only one wrestler had competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Olympics , Ukrainian born Olga Butkevych . British Wrestling had the majority of its host nation berths removed by the British Olympic Association because of British Wrestling 's failing to reach set performance targets . The term " Plastic Brit " was also used when there were calls for Arsenal 's Spanish goalkeeper Manuel Almunia to play for the England national football team in 2009 .
After capturing Shayzar , Hims and Rafaniya , and building a new fortress at Antartus , the emperor withdrew , leaving Damian Dalassenos as the new doux of Antioch . Dalassenos maintained an aggressive stance . In 996 his forces raided the environs of Tripoli and Arqa , while Manjutakin , again without success , laid siege to Aleppo and Antartus , but was forced to withdraw when Dalassenos with his army came to relieve the fortress . The next year , Dalassenos repeated his raids against Tripoli , Rafaniya , Awgh , and al Lakma , capturing the latter .
U.S. Ambassador to Turkey Henry Morgenthau , Sr. wrote , " Those battleships immediately took their places as the most powerful vessels of the Greek Navy , and the enthusiasm of the Greeks in obtaining them was unbounded . " In 1916 , a serious division in the Greek government developed between King Constantine I and Prime Minister Eleftherios Venizelos over whether Greece should enter World War I. This became known as the " National Schism " , where separate governments emerged . Defections by units of the Greek Navy to the Venizelist factions provoked a Royalist purge of Venizelist officers and men from the Greek Navy .
Concerned about underwater hits , the class 's French designers decided to extend the waterline armour belt well below the waterline as compared to their contemporaries . The main armour was also thinner than that of its British or German counterparts , but covered more area . Their secondary armament was of a smaller size than the 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) guns used by the Germans or the British 6 inch ( 152 mm ) guns , but the French placed a premium on rate of fire rather than size , in order stop torpedo boats before they got within torpedo range .
As coal output from British collieries reached its peak in 1913 there was a correspondingly large number of accidents around this time . Senghenydd — Senghennydd in Welsh — is situated at the northern end of the Aber Valley , approximately four miles ( 6.4 km ) north west of Caerphilly and eleven miles ( 18 km ) north west of Cardiff . When geological surveys for coal began in 1890 it was a farming hamlet of around 100 people . Coal was found , and sinking of the first mineshaft for Universal Colliery — which was owned and developed by William Lewis — began in 1891 ; the first coal was extracted in 1896 .
The eight III Squadron battleships fired on the British cruisers , but even sustained fire from the battleships ' main guns failed to drive off the British cruisers . The armored cruisers Defence , Warrior , and Black Prince joined in the attack on the crippled Wiesbaden . Between 19 : 14 and 19 : 17 , several German battleships and battlecruisers opened fire on Defence and Warrior . Kaiserin initially engaged one of the battleships in the British 5th Battle Squadron and scored a hit ; according to Kaiserin 's logs , the ship in question was Malaya . After three minutes firing at Malaya , Kaiserin shifted fire to Defence .
" At a daily press briefing , the State Department spokesman Mark Toner called on all sides to the conflict to " put down their weapons , release government leaders immediately and restore legitimate civilian leadership , " adding that it " appeared the junta had taken control of media outlets , as they were off air and the headquarters of PAIGC and were trying to restrict movement " and that " we regret that they have chosen to disrupt the democratic process , which already was challenged by the opposition 's call to boycott the second round of elections .
Following several regimental sized assaults on Coral which were successfully repelled by the Australians with heavy casualties on both sides , 1ATF moved to establish Fire Support Base Balmoral on 24 – 25 May , 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) north of Coral . The infantry were this time supported by Centurion tanks which had been called forward by road from Nui Dat and had arrived just hours before Balmoral was subjected to a two battalion attack . Following a very accurate rocket and mortar barrage at 03 : 45 hours on 26 May , the base was assaulted by North Vietnamese infantry .
The New York Times critic Nora Sayre panned the often contradictory moral themes of the film , while the paper 's Frank Rich called it " the same old stuff " . In 1974 , Eastwood teamed up with Jeff Bridges and George Kennedy in the buddy action caper Thunderbolt and Lightfoot , a road movie about a veteran bank robber Thunderbolt ( Eastwood ) and a young con man drifter , Lightfoot ( Bridges ) . On its release , in spring 1974 , the film was praised for its offbeat comedy mixed with high suspense and tragedy but was only a modest success at the box office , earning $ 32.4 million .
In 1929 , the Magistrat commissioned the city planning division to develop a concept for a new administrative building encompassing two city blocks that would also link the Stadthaus to the City Hall . This plan also included the existing main city library and the city savings bank . It would have been part of a wideranging plan to redevelop the area of the Molkenmarkt , including replacement of the old and substandard housing along Am Krögel , an alley leading to the Spree . These plans had to be abandoned in 1931 because of the political and economic situation of Berlin after World War I. After the Nazis came to power in 1933 , the Magistrat revived the urban renewal plan as an appropriate contribution to the " program of national renewal " .
The nitrogen load is 1.55 pounds per acre ( 1.74 kg / ha ) per year , while the phosphorus load is less than half a pound per acre per year . Between the mouth of Dry Hollow and the mouth of Bunnell Run , the waters of Hammersley Fork are a Rosgen type F and a Rosgen type C stream . The upper part of the stretch of the stream between Dry Hollow and Nelson Branch is a Rosgen type C stream . The middle part of the stretch is a Rosgen type B stream and the lower part is a Rosgen type F to D stream .
In July 2010 , Bogost was scheduled to make an appearance at a New York University seminar , " Social Games On Trial " , to discuss the controversial aspects of social network gaming . To clearly demonstrate what he felt were the most commonly abused mechanics of these games , Bogost quickly developed a Facebook game entitled Cow Clicker . The game was designed to be a satire of what Bogost personally believed were the only points of FarmVille : to encourage users to continue playing by inviting other users into the game , and to provide incentives for those who purchase virtual goods .
" Lift Off " was written by Kanye West , Jay Z , Jeff Bhasker , Mike Dean , Bruno Mars and Seal , while production was handled by West , Bhasker , Mike Dean , Q Tip and Don Jazzy . The song was recorded in Sydney , Australia . In early May 2011 , it was rumored that Bruno Mars recorded vocals for the song along with Beyoncé and it was reported that the song would be released as the lead single from the album . However , Mars never appeared on the song and Beyoncé sang several lines during the chorus instead .
German physicians and biologists Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle originally described the dark shyshark in their 1838 – 41 Systematische Beschreibung der Plagiostomen , based on five specimens caught off the Cape of Good Hope and deposited in the Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie in Leiden , The Netherlands . Because of the shark 's ornate coloration , they gave it the specific epithet pictum from the Latin for " painted " . Originally placed in the now obsolete genus Scyllium , subsequent authors moved this species to the genus Haploblepharus , coined by American zoologist Samuel Garman in 1913 .
Maslin also found the film to lack in actual surfing content . Lynn Voedisch of the Chicago Sun Times described Surf Ninjas as " a marriage of pop icons that simply was fated to be " , citing children 's love for ninjas , especially the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and for the surf culture . Voedisch considered Rob Schneider 's presence as comic relief unfunny , believing that Leslie Nielsen should have received more screen time as the dictator . Calvin Wilson of The Kansas City Star called the film " a disgrace ... even by Hollywood standards " , seeing it as a mess of child lead roles , unfunny cameo roles by Schneider and Nielsen , martial arts action , and lame jokes .
Three days after the capture of Légère , Captain Foley of Goliath sent a boat into the sheltered anchorage under Aboukir Castle , where his men boarded and captured the armed ketch Torride , typical of the gun vessels that had fired on the British advance during the Battle of the Nile . On 2 September , another dispatch vessel reached the Egyptian coast , the 4 gun cutter Anémone carrying General Camin and 60 men from Malta . Swiftsure and Emerald managed to cut off the vessel from Alexandria harbour and drive it ashore near the town of Marabou .
C 356 542 ) . On October 9 , 1981 , both parties in the Mermelstein case filed motions for summary judgment in consideration of which Judge Thomas T. Johnson of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County took " judicial notice of the fact that Jews were gassed to death at the Auschwitz Concentration Camp in Poland during the summer of 1944 , " judicial notice meaning that the court treated the gas chambers as common knowledge , and therefore did not require evidence that the gas chambers existed . On August 5 , 1985 , Judge Robert A. Wenke entered a judgment based upon the Stipulation for Entry of Judgment agreed upon by the parties on July 22 , 1985 .
Aston Villa started the 2006 – 07 Premiership campaign well , with Olof Mellberg scoring the first competitive goal at Arsenal 's new Emirates Stadium . The January signings of John Carew , Ashley Young and Shaun Maloney bolstered the squad . Villa finished in 11th place in the league with 50 points , ending the season with an unbeaten run of nine league games . The last home game of the season , a 3 – 0 victory over Sheffield United , was used to mark the 25th anniversary of Villa winning the European Cup in 1982 . Before kick off , the 1982 winning team paraded the trophy in front of a full stadium .
Unlike Radiohead 's previous " anthemic " rock albums , the sessions saw influences from electronic music , classical music , jazz and krautrock , using synthesisers , drum machines , ondes Martenot ( an early electronic instrument ) , strings and brass . Drummer Phil Selway said the Kid A and Amnesiac sessions had " two frames of mind ... a tension between our old approach of all being in a room playing together and the other extreme of manufacturing music in the studio . I think Amnesiac comes out stronger in the band arrangement way . " Strings , arranged by Radiohead guitarist Jonny Greenwood , were performed by the Orchestra of St John 's and recorded in Dorchester Abbey , a 12th century church about five miles from Radiohead 's studio .
Germination of cysts is accompanied by changes in the intima , visible with an electron microscope . The intima consists of carbohydrates , lipids , and proteins and has almost the same volume as the central body . During germination of cysts , the intima hydrolyses and is used by the cell for the synthesis its components . Azotobacter respires aerobically , receiving energy from redox reactions , using organic compounds as electron donors . Azotobacter can use a variety of carbohydrates , alcohols , and salts of organic acids as sources of carbon . Azotobacter can fix at least 10 μg of nitrogen per gram of glucose consumed .
The main belt was 250 to 450 mm ( 9.8 to 17.7 in ) thick , and ran for a length of 110 m ( 360 ft ) along the hull . It was 2.3 m ( 7 ft 7 in ) wide . Above the belt was 101 mm ( 4.0 in ) thick side armor . The bulkheads at either end of the armored belt were 240 mm ( 9.4 in ) thick . The main battery guns were protected with 350 to 400 mm ( 14 to 16 in ) of armor , and the secondary turrets had 99 mm ( 3.9 in ) thick sides .
He was called up to the Singapore squad for the 2010 AFF Championship . Singapore was held to a 1 – 1 draw with Philippines in the opening match , with Đurić scoring a goal . He scored the equaliser as Singapore came back from a goal down to defeat Myanmar 2 – 1 in the next match . This was followed by a 1 – 0 loss to co host Vietnam . Singapore exited the tournament at the group stage . Đurić began the 2012 tournament as second choice forward but following an injury to midfielder Hariss Harun , he was recalled into the first eleven on the left flank .
In October 2009 , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration levied the largest fine in its history on BP plc for failing to fix safety problems following the 2005 Texas City Refinery disaster . Business groups such as the National Federation of Independent Business complained that Solis was forging a less cooperative relationship , one that departed from the Bush administration 's " compliance assistance " approach ; the Labor Department said that compliance assistance was still an important part of the new strategy . For 2010 , Solis 's agenda was to enact some ninety new rules and regulations intended to grant more power to unions and to workers .
During an interview with MTV News , Aguilera revealed what the performance would be like and the creative direction behind it : It 's very exciting . It 's definitely going to be a reflection of what Lotus means to me . If you take that album cover and give it a little performance twist , I 'll bring that album cover to life , so it 's going to be really fun . I can 't give too much away about the songs , but it 's definitely going to represent the album because the album is very multilayered .
This theme appears as early as Love in Several Masques and continues throughout , especially in prose parody Shamela where Shamela falsifies claims to virtue to control and get ahead in life . Fielding does not limit his analysis of gender roles to just the living ; the image of the ghost plays a significant part in many of Fielding 's plays , including The Author 's Farce , the Tom Thumb plays , and The Covent Garden Tragedy . Even though Fielding fails to explain what the existence of ghosts means , the image of the ghost can serve as a metaphor for Fielding 's expectation of women who are supposed to be publicly virtuous .
Coulthard had not been informed about his stop go penalty by the team , as they did not want to distract him , but he saw the penalty notification on one of the large television screens situated around the circuit . He passed Herbert on lap 49 , but took his penalty two laps later and dropped to third position , behind Alesi . The Ferrari driver was still close behind Herbert , but cut his pace in the final laps as his 412T2 's oil pressure began to fade . With the top three positions settled , attention switched to Barrichello , who had closed up to the back of Blundell 's car and was faster than the McLaren driver .
" Although stating that it was very cliche , a writer for Popjustice said that the song " seems like a boundary smashing avant garde curiosity when you put it alongside most other Hollywood Records output . " Bill Lamb of About.com ranked " Naturally " at number eighty four on his list of " Top 100 Pop Songs of 2010 " . After debuting its first week at sixty five on Billboard 's US Hot Digital Songs , holiday sales for the single subsequently pushed the song to jump to thirty four . These digital sales made the song the " Hot Shot Debut " on the Billboard Hot 100 at number thirty nine for the issue dated January 9 , 2010 , eventually rising to twenty nine on the Hot 100 and eighteen on the Canadian Hot 100 .
Peter Stormare appears as Sir Slicer in the episode " Blood Under the Skin " . In the entry " Storytelling " , Sam Marin voiced the Teenaged Bear . Rapper Biz Markie guest starred as Snorlock in the installment " Slow Love " . Paul Reubens appeared as the Gnome Ruler in " Power Animal " . Stephen Root lent his voice to the Royal Tart Toter in the episode " The Other Tarts " . Thurop Van Orman voiced the Tree Witch in " To Cut a Woman 's Hair " . Comedian Melinda Hill lends her voice to Doctor Princess in " The Chamber of Frozen Blades " .
Then the 4th Machine Gun Squadron galloped forward to take up a position at the western end of the town , while the two attacking squadrons dismounted , to approach the railway station buildings on foot . The substantial two storied station building , solidly build of stone , made an effective strong redoubt for the garrison , with the windows used by the defenders to fire their automatic rifles and throw their grenades from . At this time several white flags were reported at the station , but when the light horsemen approached they were fired on , and it was in this way that most of the light horsemen who died during the battle were killed .
According to his co producer Jan Harlan , Kubrick mostly " wanted to make films about things that mattered , that not only had form , but substance " . Kubrick himself believed that audiences quite often were attracted to " enigmas and allegories " and did not like films in which everything was spelled out clearly . Although none of his features display graphic sex scenes , sexuality in Kubrick 's films is usually depicted outside matrimonial relationships in hostile situations . Baxter states that Kubrick explores the " furtive and violent side alleys of the sexual experience : voyeurism , domination , bondage and rape " in his films .
Dining hall protocol was a scripted process , including a whistle system to indicate which block and tier of men would move into and out of the hall at any given time , who sat where , where to place hands , and when to start eating . Prisoners would be awakened at 6 : 30 , and sent to breakfast at 6 : 55 . A breakfast menu is still preserved on the hallway board , dated 21 March 1963 . The breakfast menu included assorted dry cereals , steamed whole wheat , a scrambled egg , milk , stewed fruit , toast , bread , and butter .
Phan regarded the loss of Cao Thang as a significant one , admitting as much in delivering the eulogy and funeral oration . According to the historian David Marr , there was evidence that Phan clearly realised the advantages and limitations of prolonged resistance . Although Phan had previously stated that he was not expecting ultimate success , the guerrilla leader thought that it was important to keep pressuring the French in order to demonstrate to the populace that there was an alternative to what he felt was a defeatist attitude from the Huế court . Hoàng Cao Khải , the French installed viceroy of Tonkin , perceived Phan 's intent to a degree that his French masters did not .
On this occasion , " Va , pensiero " from Nabucco was conducted by Arturo Toscanini with a chorus of 820 singers . A huge crowd was in attendance , estimated at 300,000 . Boito wrote to a friend , in words which recall the mysterious final scene of Don Carlos , " [ Verdi ] sleeps like a King of Spain in his Escurial , under a bronze slab that completely covers him . " Not all of Verdi 's personal qualities were amiable . John Rosselli concluded after writing his biography that " I do not very much like the man Verdi , in particular the autocratic rentier cum estate owner , part time composer , and seemingly full time grumbler and reactionary critic of the later years " , yet admits that like other writers , he must " admire him , warts and all ... a deep integrity runs beneath his life , and can be felt even when he is being unreasonable or wrong .
In 1926 , the Harveys shifted to the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy , a staunchly working class , industrial area . During their relocation , Ray was born in Sydney . Horace secured a job at the confectionery company Life Savers ( Australasia ) Ltd , located next door to their house at 198 Argyle Street . The 19th century two storey house was owned by the firm and was used as lodgings for the workers ’ families . It no longer exists , having been demolished to make way for a textile factory . The two youngest sons Neil and Brian were born in Fitzroy .
Objects are stored in gravity boxes on the station 's ceilings , only one object can be held at a time . These are used to solve the game 's puzzles and allow the player to continue further into the game . Each object 's purpose must be discovered as they are not labelled . The game world is filled with traps , laser defence mechanisms and security robots , all of which kill the astronaut on contact , resulting in the loss of one of his five lives . These defences must be shut down with objects obtained from gravity boxes in order to progress , as the player has no weapon to directly attack the robots with .
The rivalry continued to intensify as " hard men " such as Patrick Vieira , Roy Keane and Martin Keown joined the sides . The previous league match between the two clubs in April 2003 at Highbury was a competitive and bad tempered affair . In a match that finished in a 2 – 2 draw , Sol Campbell received a straight red card for violent conduct after elbowing Ole Gunnar Solskjær in the face . Manchester United went on to claim the title from Arsenal by five points after clawing back from being eight points down at the start of March 2003 .
In Greenwich , Connecticut , a jogging couple find a girl , Teena Simmons , standing alone . Nearby , they find her father sitting dead on a swing set with two incisions in his neck . Fox Mulder takes the case and reviews it with Dana Scully , believing the death is an example of extraterrestrial cattle mutilation on a human being . When Mulder and Scully travel to Connecticut and interview Teena , she claims to have seen " red lightning " when her father died and that " men from the clouds " had wanted to exsanguinate him .
Anita struck Mexico as a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale , bringing strong winds and heavy rainfall . At least 25,000 people were left homeless and 11 fatalities were reported . In addition to Anita , another notable tropical cyclone of this season was Hurricane Babe . The storm caused coastal flooding in southeastern Louisiana , resulting in $ 10 million ( 1977 USD ) in damage . After moving inland , it spawned 14 tornadoes throughout Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , and South Carolina . In addition to Anita and Babe , five other tropical cyclones – hurricanes Clara , Dorothy , and Evelyn , as well as Tropical Storm Frieda and Tropical Depression Nine – left only minor impacts on land .
After originally being sold only at Walmart and Sam 's Club first , the album was released on iTunes on February 11 , 2011 , accompanying the release of Justin Bieber : Never Say Never , and preceding the release of Never Say Never – The Remixes . Lucy Jones of The Daily Telegraph said that " with catchy choruses , soulful key changes and cute hooks laid bare , these are undeniably brilliant pop songs . " Jones further commented that " finger clicks , bongos and mellow guitars are a welcome change from the squealing synths and pounding beats favoured by Bieber and his peers , " and that the album had the ability to connect with audiences beyond his demographic .
It involves , or is related to , biological classification , scientific taxonomy and phylogenetics . Biological classification is the method by which botanists group organisms into categories such as genera or species . Biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy . Modern taxonomy is rooted in the work of Carl Linnaeus , who grouped species according to shared physical characteristics . These groupings have since been revised to align better with the Darwinian principle of common descent – grouping organisms by ancestry rather than superficial characteristics . While scientists do not always agree on how to classify organisms , molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions along evolutionary lines and is likely to continue to do so .
Participants even drank large quantities of Kaoliang in order to improve their courage . Some of the worst Chinese battle losses occurred during the Second and the Fifth Phase Campaign : up to 40 percent of all Chinese forces in Korea were rendered combat ineffective between November 25 and December 24 , 1950 , and about 12 Chinese divisions were lost in during April 22 – June 10 , 1951 . All in all , over a million Chinese soldiers became casualties during the course of the war . Peng justified the PVA 's high casualty rate by his almost religious belief in the cause of Communism and the Communist Party , and his belief that the ends of the conflict justified the means .
While negotiating to get the best possible deal , Aubut traded Lindros to both the Flyers and the Rangers , meaning an arbitrator had to rule which club should receive him . During the ten days between the trades being made and the arbitrator 's ruling , there was a lot of speculation about which Flyers ' and Rangers ' players were involved in the potential trades . Hextall was among the players mentioned , something which he was unhappy about . Speaking through his agent , Hextall admitted to being " scared to death " about the possibility of moving with his family to the French speaking area .
In Germany , the song reached a peak of number 19 on the chart , but it remained within the German Top 100 for a total of 19 weeks . In Ireland , the song reached a peak of number three , remaining on the chart for a total of six weeks . The song failed to reach the top 20 in Austria , and was present on the chart for two weeks . It also failed to reach the top ten in Spain and Switzerland , reaching a peak of number 17 and number 16 , respectively . " Dear Jessie " entered the Dutch Top 40 at number 37 , ultimately reaching a peak of number 25 .
His agitation for the B 29s did not endear him to the USAAF staff in Washington , D.C. After the war , the Strategic Bombing Survey concluded that this would have been far more productive than Operation Matterhorn , which saw B 29s based in China to bomb steel plants in Japan , as oil was more critical to the Japanese war effort than steel . On 4 March 1943 , during the Battle of the Bismarck Sea , General George Kenney ordered Allied patrol boats and aircraft to attack Japanese rescue vessels , as well as the survivors from the sunken vessels on life rafts and swimming or floating in the sea .
She and her sister Alma were concerned about the care Josie gave Wyatt . Even though he was very ill , she still did not cook for him . Spolidora , her sisters , and her mother brought in meals . Earp began to collaborate with John Flood , a mining engineer and good friend , on a biography beginning in 1925 . The two men sat together every Sunday in the kitchen of Earp 's modest , rented bungalow . While Wyatt sipped a drink and smoked a cigar , they tried to tell Earp 's story . But Josephine was always present .
Prior to 1348 it was known as Weston Juxta Mare ( " beside the sea " ) . The name was changed by Ralph of Shrewsbury , who was the Bishop of Bath and Wells . Between the 14th and 17th centuries the " super Mare " part of the name disappeared and it was just known as Weston , although in 1610 it was recorded as Weston on the More ; môr being the Welsh word for sea . Weston 's oldest structure is Worlebury Camp , on Worlebury Hill , dating from the Iron Age . Castle Batch was a castle that once stood overlooking the town .
The SLS is to be upgraded over time with more powerful versions . The initial capability of SLS is required to be able to lift 70 mt into LEO . It is then planned to be upgraded to 105 mt and then eventually to 130 mt . Exploration Flight Test 1 ( EFT 1 ) , an unmanned test flight of Orion 's crew module , was launched on December 5 , 2014 , atop a Delta IV Heavy rocket . Exploration Mission 1 ( EM 1 ) is the unmanned initial launch of SLS that would also send Orion on a circumlunar trajectory , which is planned for 2017 .
Solitary and nocturnal , the common torpedo spends much time resting on the sea floor , often buried in sediment . It is an ambush predator that pounces onto prey and stuns them with electricity , the process taking only a fraction of a second . Once the prey is immobilized , it is manipulated to the mouth with motions of the disc , and swallowed whole . Adults feed almost entirely on small benthic bony fishes , including soles , herring , mullet , gobies , goatfishes , porgies , dragonets , and jack mackerels . Large decapod crustaceans are a minor secondary food source , while very rarely skates may be consumed .
On August 16 , 1861 , Ranavalona died in her sleep at the Manjakamiadana palace in the Rova of Antananarivo . Twelve thousand zebu were slaughtered and their meat distributed to the populace in her honor , and the official mourning period lasted nine months . Her body was laid in a coffin made of silver piastres in a tomb at the royal city of Ambohimanga . During her funeral , a spark accidentally ignited a nearby barrel of gunpowder destined for use in the ceremony , causing an explosion and fire that killed a number of bystanders and destroyed three historic royal residences in the Nanjakana section of the compound where the event was held .
McMahon began appearing regularly on air for WWE ( then WWF as the World Wrestling Federation ) in 1999 as a part of a storyline with The Undertaker . After a brief on screen relationship with Test , she was engaged to Triple H — whom she married both on screen and later in real life — which resulted in The McMahon Helmsley Faction storyline . She has held the WWF Women 's Championship once . In 2001 , she was the on screen owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling during The Invasion . The following year , she was the SmackDown General Manager , but stopped appearing regularly on television after an " I Quit " match with her father Vince .
Populations exist around the Solomon Islands archipelago and New Caledonia , stretching to an easternmost population in Vanuatu . A highly isolated population lives around the islands of Palau . A singe dugong lives at Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands although the animal is thought to be a vagrant . Today , possibly the smallest and northernmost population of dugongs exists around the Ryukyu islands , and a population formerly existed off Taiwan . An endangered population of 50 or fewer dugongs , possibly as few as only three individuals , survives. around Okinawa . A single individual was recorded in Amami Oshima , at the northernmost edge of the dugong 's historic range , more than 40 years after the last previous recorded sighting .
With the successful Pusan Perimeter holding action , the victory set in motion the moves which would shape the remainder of the war . MacArthur and the Joint Chiefs of Staff , pushed by US leaders in Washington , decided to aggressively pursue the shattered North Korean People 's Army into North Korea . The Eighth Army was ordered to advance as far north as possible to Manchuria and North Korea 's border with China , with the primary objective of destroying what remained of the North Korean Army and the secondary objective of uniting all of Korea under Syngman Rhee .
Controversy continued to flare in Britain and other countries regarding sporting links with South Africa . The South Africa rugby team 's 1969 – 70 tour of Britain and Ireland was accompanied by mass demonstrations against apartheid , including an attempt by a protester in London to hijack the South African team bus , and a demonstration in Dublin where people tried to stop the South Africans from reaching the match venue by lying down in the middle of the street . The South Africa cricket team was due to tour England shortly afterwards , and the MCC remained keen for the series to go ahead .
The phrase " in anger he turned back to his own " probably indicates that this annal is drawn from saga material , as perhaps are all of the early Wessex annals . It also has been used to argue that perhaps , Ceawlin did not win the battle and that the chronicler chose not to record the outcome fully – a king does not usually come home " in anger " after taking " many towns and countless war loot " . It may be that Ceawlin 's overlordship of the southern Britons came to an end with this battle .
Yet such an operation would have required considerable time to plan and execute , and Townsend had been ordered not to become too heavily engaged . Ad hoc and planned in haste , Operation Bribie went badly for the Australians from the start with delays in deploying the reaction force . Expecting only minor contact , Graham had finally sent the battalion out after midday and ordered it to return before nightfall . Yet this restriction had a significant impact on the operation , and limited the time available to commanders at all levels for planning and reconnaissance , thereby preventing a more deliberate approach .
Following the invasion of Normandy , the Fourth Army was " transferred " south to reinforce the First United States Army Group ( FUSAG ) , another fictitious formation . Fortitude South aimed to convince the Germans that FUSAG had 500,000 men in more than fifty divisions and would launch the main Allied invasion in the Pas de Calais , 45 days after the Normandy landings . The goal of the operation was to persuade the Germans not to move the 18 divisions of the 15th Army to Normandy . VII Corps was notionally transferred south , as part of Fourth Army , to join FUSAG .
He was given a ten game suspension for verbally harassing the officials and continuing to coach from the stands after being ejected from a game and was dismissed as Windsor 's coach after the team won only two of its first 15 games . Pronovost 's final season as a coach came in 1984 – 85 when he led the junior C Belle River Canadiens to the franchise 's first league title and a Clarence Schmalz Cup win as Ontario provincial champions . Pronovost turned to scouting in 1985 when he joined the NHL Central Scouting Bureau . He already had some experience with the role as one of his duties as coach in Tulsa included searching for talent to improve his team .
About 70 % of the province 's population lives in the highlands ; of the other 30 % , approximately half live in more urbanized towns , and half live along rivers and in the lowlands , where they practice wetland rice cultivation and engage in market activities . Banlung , the provincial capital located in the central highlands , is by far the province 's largest town , with a population of approximately 25,000 . Other significant towns include Veun Sai in the north and Lomphat in the south , with populations of 2,000 and 3,000 respectively . In 2013 , 37 % of Ratanakiri residents were under age 15 , 52 % were age 15 to 49 , 7 % were age 50 to 64 , and 3 % were aged 65 or older ; 49.7 % of residents were male , and 50.3 % were female .
Weiland credited Was for helping Stone Temple Pilots re learn how to play together again . Was also worked closely with Weiland during the recording of the vocals . By June 2009 , the band had written eighteen songs , twelve of which were planned to be released on the album , with B sides for Japan , the United Kingdom , and Europe selected from the remaining songs . Recording began in early 2009 , at times taking place in three studios simultaneously . Bass lines and overdubs were recorded at Homefry Studio , located in the basement of Robert 's house .
Lucy Davies of the BBC said it demonstrated how repetitive the lyrical themes on Fearless were . She noted Swift recycled the phrase " face of an angel " from the album 's previous track , " Hey Stephen " . An uncredited review from Billboard stated , " The second single from Taylor Swift 's top selling CD is a beautiful , understated ballad that showcases her skill with a lyric and shines a spotlight on her signature tender , heart on her sleeve vocals . " The review stated that the latter was accomplished by the song 's production , which made Swift 's vocal performance more palpable and emotive .
The Eyre Peninsula and Adelaide recorded more rain in 24 hours than they had in 2002 and 2001 combined . The New South Wales saw major flooding events in towns such as Tamworth . Flooding also closed the Pacific Highway . Over 100 houses along the Gold Coast were damaged due to the torrential rains . In late February , an area of convection situated inland for roughly a week emerged over open waters along the northern coast of Australia . A tropical low formed on 24 February , and developed a banding feature by 25 February . Despite strong wind shear , the BOM began issuing warnings while the low was located several hundred kilometers north northeast of Port Hedland .
After the release of Heroes of Mana , they commented that the World of Mana series is " cursed " , and the future of the series looked " bleak " . The music of the Mana series , especially Secret of Mana , has received wide acclaim and fan enthusiasm . The Secret of Mana soundtrack was one of the first official soundtracks of video games music released in the United States and thus before fully mainstream interest in RPGs . The Secret of Mana 's opening theme , " Angel 's Fear " , was rated at number 7 on IGN 's Top Ten RPG Title tracks , calling it a " magical title song that captures our hearts " .
Congress had also created a civil offense against the law of nations in the Alien Tort Statute of the Judiciary Act of 1789 . Several offenses were limited to acts committed in places " under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States . " Such regulations would have applied in the " Seat of the Government , " federal enclaves , and federal territories . Article One provides that Congress shall have the power " [ t ] o exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever , over such District ( not exceeding ten Miles square ) as may , by Cession of particular States , and the acceptance of Congress , become the Seat of the Government of the United States , and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be , for the Erection of Forts , Magazines , Arsenals , dock Yards , and other needful Buildings .
West utilized the sounds created by the 808 and manipulated its pitch to produce a distorted , electronic sound , an effect he referred to as " heartbreak " . He felt the characteristic of the sound was representative of his state of mind . According to West , the fact that Hawaii 's area code was " 808 " was coincidental , as he had already developed the album 's title before being informed . The realization inspired him to pursue his direction with the album , however . In terms of musical direction , West 's intentions , according to Mike Dean , were to go against the typical sound of hip hop beat , instead evoking the presence of tribal drums .
Along the way , Dante encounters Lady , who is in pursuit of her father Arkham , who is working with Vergil , but has plans of his own . In the end , Dante claims ownership of the Force Edge , while Vergil chooses to remain in the demon world . Inspired by Lady 's courage and commitment to her own family , Dante continues his business with a greater sense of purpose . They become friends , and he decides to call his shop " Devil May Cry " , after something Lady had said to comfort him .
They nest in bridges where it compiles and damages iron work causing rust and corrosion . In the United States , falcon and other raptors are in numbers high enough to ward off pigeon nest building in major highrises . Due to its striking hunting technique , the peregrine has often been associated with aggression and martial prowess . Native Americans of the Mississippian culture ( c . 800 – 1500 ) used the peregrine , along with several other birds of prey , in imagery as a symbol of " aerial ( celestial ) power " and buried men of high status in costumes associating to the ferocity of " raptorial " birds .
He outlined the events in his Cronica in year to year accounts ; for this he has gained criticism over the years for writing in an episodic manner lacking a unifying theme or point of view . He wrote his Cronica in the vernacular language rather than Latin , the language of the educated elite . His chronicles are intercut with historical episodes reported just as he heard them , sometimes with little interpretation . This often led to historical inaccuracies in his work , especially in the biographies of historical or contemporary people living outside of Florence ( even with well known monarchs ) .
Increasing use of corneal topography has led to a decline in use of these terms . Despite considerable research , the etiology of keratoconus remains unclear . Several sources suggest that keratoconus likely arises from a number of different factors : genetic , environmental or cellular , any of which may form the trigger for the onset of the disease . Once initiated , the disease normally develops by progressive dissolution of Bowman 's layer , which lies between the corneal epithelium and stroma . As the two come into contact , cellular and structural changes in the cornea adversely affect its integrity and lead to the bulging and scarring characteristic of the disorder .
The authors suggest that , in the wild , nectar may be a frequent , convenient way to get some nutrients , as it would avoid the work , risks and costs ( such as making venom ) . Jumping spiders can benefit from amino acids , lipids , vitamins and minerals normally found in nectar . A test in a deliberately artificial environment explored P. labiata ′ s ability to solve a novel problem by trial and error . A little island was set up in the middle of a miniature atoll , and the space between with them was filled with water .
A change in the 1960s added a section of north – south roadway to the eastern end of M 102 ; that change was reversed within about a year . A western extension along Grand River Avenue in 1977 was reversed in 1994 , and M 102 has remained the same since . 8 Mile Road has carried major cultural significance ; since the mid 20th century , as the city demographics have changed , it has served as a physical and cultural dividing line between the wealthier , predominantly white northern suburbs of Detroit and the poorer , predominantly black city .
To bridge the fast following rivers of northern Burma , Pick and Farrell selected the H 20 Portable Steel Highway Bridge . Production of these had been discontinued in favor of the Bailey bridge , but Farrell 's technical arguments won out and the Corps of Engineers had to reinstate production of the H 20 . In view of these difficulties , Farrell obtained Bailey bridges from British sources . In the end , all the major bridges beyond the Irrawaddy River would be Baileys . He also made the decision , controversial in Washington , to shift the terminus of the 6 inch ( 150 mm ) oil pipeline from Calcutta to Chittagong in order to avoid crossing the Ganges and Brahmaputra Rivers , and the dangers of concentrating too many vulnerable installations in the Calcutta area .
Should he escape , no damage is done to either him or the monster . The status of his " health " is indicated in the inventory , since the game does not feature a heads up display ; however , when his health is critical , the edges of the screen throb red , and his heartbeat is heard . A prequel to the first Silent Hill installment , Silent Hill : Origins takes place several years before the events of the first game . Origins is set in the eponymous , foggy , and rural small town located in the northeastern United States .
On June 1 , 2015 , a representative for the MTA described the extension as " 99 % complete " . That day , test runs of 7 trains started running to 34th Street – Hudson Yards in preparation for the summer 2015 opening of the extension . However , on June 15 , the extension was pushed back again to " before the end of the third quarter " . On July 20 , 2015 , it was reported that the MTA planned to open the extension to the public on September 13 , 2015 . The opening date was confirmed on August 28 , 2015 .
Eventually , Bob and the kids discover the true culprits , Patty and Selma . Bob reappears again in the episode " The Bob Next Door " ( season 21 , 2010 ) , where he switches faces with his prison cellmate Walt Warren . Bob returns to Springfield and moves into the house next to the Simpson family , assuming Walt 's identity . He exploits this to make his latest attempt to kill Bart legally over state lines , but is foiled again and gets taken away by state police . Bob briefly appears in " At Long Last Leave " ( season 23 , 2012 ) , where he attends a town meeting to decide if the Simpson family should be banished from Springfield , and is one of many who express their desire for it to happen .
Ristaino sough to make them look as if they were " east coast commuters [ all ] bundled up for winter . " He strove to make them look " specific " so that they would appear as people you might see on a subway , such as a bike messenger , a couple , man in a " goofy hat " , and a man wearing a suit . Originally , when the Lich set off his bomb , the storyboard featured a simple mushroom cloud . Ian Jones Quartey , one of the series ' storyboard revisionists , however , added a face to the blast .
The Helgoland class ships retained older triple expansion steam engines rather than the new steam turbines in use in the British Royal Navy . This decision was based solely on cost : at the time , Parsons held a monopoly on steam turbines and required a 1 million gold mark royalty fee for every turbine engine . The triple expansion engines were three shaft , four cylinder engines arranged in three engine rooms . Each shaft drove a four bladed screw propeller that was 5.1 m ( 16 ft 9 in ) in diameter . The engines were powered by 15 marine type boilers with two fireboxes apiece for a total of 30 .
Middlesex delves into the concept of identity , including how it is formed and how it is administered . The immigrant predicament is a metaphor and synecdoche for Calliope 's hermaphroditic condition ; Callie 's paternal grandparents become Americanized through the amalgamation of the elements of heredity , cultural metamorphoses , and probability . Callie 's maternal grandfather , Jimmy Zizmo , undergoes a rebirth when he transforms from a bootlegger into Farrad Mohammad , a Muslim minister . Middlesex traces the trials and adversity faced by the Stephanides family as they pursue the American Dream . Beginning with Lefty and Desdemona , Cal 's grandparents , fleeing from their homeland to Ellis Island and the United States , the novel later depicts the family living in a suburban vista at Grosse Pointe , Michigan .
The Stranglers ' Dave Greenfield was an exception to this , and used a Hammond onstage during the band 's early career . Andy Thompson , better known for being an aficionado of the Mellotron , stated that " the Hammond never really went away . There are a lot of studios that have had a B 3 or C 3 sitting away in there since the 70s . " The instrument underwent a brief renaissance in the 1980s with the mod revival movement . Taylor played the Hammond through the 1980s , first with the Prisoners and later with the James Taylor Quartet .
The cost of maintaining the Protector 's massive armies and his permanent garrisons in Scotland also placed an unsustainable burden on the royal finances . A French attack on Boulogne in August 1549 at last forced Somerset to begin a withdrawal from Scotland . During 1548 , England was subject to social unrest . After April 1549 , a series of armed revolts broke out , fuelled by various religious and agrarian grievances . The two most serious rebellions , which required major military intervention to put down , were in Devon and Cornwall and in Norfolk . The first , sometimes called the Prayer Book Rebellion , arose mainly from the imposition of church services in English , and the second , led by a tradesman called Robert Kett , mainly from the encroachment of landlords on common grazing ground .
By 1991 , St George 's was grant maintained ; in 1992 , it was awarded Technology School status , which was accompanied by a Government grant of £ 500,000 and a gift of £ 250,000 made by Reg Brealey ; these contributed to the construction of a Science and Technology building , which opened in 1994 . Sponsored by Brealey , St George 's was one of the first schools designated a Technology College ( a specialist school ) in England in February 1994 , a status renewed in 1997 . More extensions followed : an English building in 1994 , a library with art and physics classrooms in 1997 , a sports hall in 2001 , and a science building in 2005 .
The novel is 288 pages long . DeCandido also wrote the novelizations for the first and third films . Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 21 % based on 124 reviews . The site 's Critics Consensus reads , " Resident Evil : Apocalypse has lots of action , but not much in terms of plot or creativity . " Metacritic gives the film a score of 35 % based on 26 reviews . Leonard Maltin rated the film a " BOMB " in his book Leonard Maltin 's Movie Guide , and called it a " Tiresome follow up to Resident Evil that plays more like a remake .
Governor General David Johnston did , though , preside at an official ceremony at Confederation Park in Ottawa , integrated with Winterlude . He said " [ t ] he National Flag of Canada is so embedded in our national life and so emblematic of our national purpose that we simply cannot imagine our country without it . " Queen Elizabeth II stated : " On this , the 50th anniversary of the National Flag of Canada , I am pleased to join with all Canadians in the celebration of this unique and cherished symbol of our country and identity .
A popular legend represents the bishop as descending from the window of his cell by a rope which friends had smuggled to him in a flagon of wine . Ranulf gave the wine to his guards , and after they were drunk and asleep , climbed down the rope to escape . His friends had arranged a ship to transport Ranulf , some of the bishop 's treasure , and the bishop 's elderly mother to Normandy . He took refuge across the English Channel with Henry 's brother Robert Curthose , where he became one of the duke 's principal advisors .
This reactor only generated up to 200 W , but it demonstrated that k was higher than anticipated . This not only removed most of the objections to air cooled and water cooled reactor designs , it also greatly simplified other aspects of the design . Wigner 's team submitted blueprints of a water cooled reactor to DuPont in January 1943 . By this time , the concerns of DuPont 's engineers about the corrosiveness of water had been overcome by the mounting difficulties of using helium , and all work on helium was terminated in February . At the same time , Air was chosen for the reactor at the pilot plant .
Strawberry Records pressed 600 copies of the recording . In December 1994 , Antestor recorded their first full length album titled Martyrium . Arctic Serenades Records was originally supposed to release that album , but because of unknown reasons that never happened , and the band tried to get another label to release the album . American based label Morphine Records would subsequently produce a limited quantity of bootleg copies of the album in 1997 . In an interview , the drummer Armoth said : " ... we were in contact with a label called Morphine Records . But that was about signing a deal for the Martyrium album .
San Diego won only 76 games that year , but Hoffman ranked second in the NL with 37 saves . During the 1998 season , Hoffman began entering save situations in Padres home games to the entrance music of AC / DC 's " Hells Bells " playing over the public address system , an event that came to be known as " Trevor Time " . The tradition began July 25 , 1998 , and the song was chosen by a Padres salesman . The crowd was excited by the tolling of the bells from the song , and the scoreboard showing Hoffman running in from the bullpen .
A titled Igbo chieftain himself , Achebe 's novels focus on the traditions of Igbo society , the effect of Christian influences , and the clash of Western and traditional African values during and after the colonial era . His style relies heavily on the Igbo oral tradition , and combines straightforward narration with representations of folk stories , proverbs , and oratory . He also published a number of short stories , children 's books , and essay collections . Upon his return to the United States in 1990 , he began an eighteen year tenure at Bard College as the Charles P. Stevenson Professor of Languages and Literature .
These results did not justify the large allocation of Allied resources to the operation , however . Moreover , the diversion of some supply aircraft flown between India and China to support XX Bomber Command 's efforts may have prevented the Fourteenth Air Force from undertaking more effective operations against Japanese positions and shipping . The official history of the USAAF judged that the difficulty of transporting adequate supplies to India and China was the most important factor behind the failure of Operation Matterhorn , though technical problems with the B 29s and the inexperience of their crews also hindered the campaign .
It was considered an important discovery , as few early ornithischians were known at the time . The preparation of the specimen , i.e. the freeing of the bones from the tock matrix , was very time consuming , since they were covered in a thin , very hard , ferruginous layer containing haematite . This could only be removed by a diamond saw , which damaged the specimen . In 1966 , a second specimen of Heterodontosaurus ( SAM PK K1332 ) was discovered at the Voyizane locality , in the Elliot Formation of the Stormberg Group of rock formations , 1,770 m ( 5,807 ft ) above sea level , on Krommespruit Mountain .
Sallal accused Nasser of betrayal . Nasser unfroze more than $ 100 million worth of Saudi assets in Egypt , and Faisal denationalized two Egyptian owned banks that he had taken over earlier that year . Saudi Arabia , Libya , and Kuwait agreed to provide Egypt with an annual subsidy of $ 266 million , out of which $ 154 million was to be paid by Saudi Arabia . Sallal 's popularity among his troops declined , and after two bazooka attacks on his home by disaffected soldiers , he took Egyptian guards . He ordered the execution of his security chief , Colonel Abdel Kader Khatari , after Khatari 's police fired into a mob attacking an Egyptian command post in San 'a , and had refused to recognize the committee of Arab leaders appointed at Khartoum to arrange peace terms .
Attending his first NHL training camp that month , he did not make the Blue Jackets roster and was returned to Portland on October 2 for another year of junior hockey . Back in the WHL , Johansen was chosen to represent the league at the 2010 Subway Super Series , a six game exhibition tournament featuring all stars from the Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) against Russian junior players . He completed the 2010 – 11 season improving to 92 points ( 40 goals and 52 assists ) in 63 games , ranking seventh among league scorers . Joining the Blue Jackets ' training camp for a second year , Johansen made the opening lineup for the 2011 – 12 season .
It shows a scene from the biblical entombment of Christ , and was probably completed between 1440 and 1455 as a wing panel for a large hinged polyptych altarpiece . The now lost altarpiece is thought to have contained a central crucifixion scene flanked by four wing panel works half its height – two on either side – depicting scenes from the Life of Christ . The smaller panels would have been paired in a format similar to Bouts ' 1464 – 67 Altar of the Holy Sacrament . The larger work was probably commissioned for export to Italy , possibly to a Venetian patron whose identity is lost .
In 1991 New Zealand turnover topped 100 million NZD for the first time . KFC 's core product offering is pressure fried , on the bone chicken pieces seasoned with Colonel Harland Sanders ' " Original Recipe " of 11 herbs and spices . The product is typically available in either two or three piece individual servings , or in a family size cardboard bucket , typically holding between 6 and 16 chicken pieces . Poultry is divided into 9 different cuts ( 2 drumsticks , 2 thighs , 2 wings , 1 keel , and a backbone based breast cut divided into 2 pieces ) .
Schools in the warned area were suspended , and airports and seaports were closed . Philippine Airlines cancelled over half of its flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport for September 28 , and various transit services also suspended service . Metro Manila and the Tagalog provinces were warned of possible flooding and strong winds . When it became clear that Xangsane would approach the Capital , PAGASA upgraded the warning for Manila and central Luzon to Storm Signal Number 3 on September 28 . All the storm signals were discontinued later that day . Prior to Xangsane 's final landfall , the Vietnamese government set up a steering committee headed by Deputy Prime Minister Nguyễn Sinh Hùng to oversee evacuations and storm preparations throughout central Vietnam .
Recommend duty on a large vessel where he can be properly supervised . " On the same day that Hubbard was sent a formal letter of admonition , he reported sick with complaints of epigastric pains and possible malaria . After 77 days on the sick list , it was finally determined that he was suffering from a duodenal ulcer . In October 1943 , he asked to be transferred to landing craft and was sent on a six week training course at the Naval Small Craft Training Center in San Pedro , California . He was then ordered in December 1943 to join the crew of the USS Algol , an Attack Cargo Auxiliary Vessel , to assist with the ship 's fitting out and crew training in Portland , Oregon .
He shares the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) single game assists record ( 19 ) and was the 2012 SEC Preseason Player of the Year . He earned 2012 – 13 All SEC First team selection and was the conference assist champion . He earned Associated Press 2013 All American honorable mention recognition . He holds Missouri single game , single season and career assists records and numerous Missouri steals records , including career steals . Pressey was a high school basketball All state selection by the Texas Association of Basketball Coaches ( TABC ) and helped his team achieve 2009 and 2010 Southwest Preparatory Conference ( SPC ) state championships in basketball .
Niadra is a zerg broodmother and leader of the Niadra Brood . She was created by Sarah Kerrigan when she battled the protoss on Kaldir . Although she succeeded in preventing them from contacting the Golden Armada , one of the protoss ships attempted to flee from the planet and travel to Shakuras . To prevent them from surviving , Kerrigan placed a parasitic larva within the captured protoss colonist Lasarra and dropped the psionic veil that prevented her from being warped back to her people . After being teleported to the ship , the protoss attempted to warn the Templar but died as the parasitic larva spawned from her body .
Stealth is a significant element of the gameplay ; frequent gunfire can alert distant guards , and activated alarms can trigger infinitely respawning enemies . Therefore , to avoid gunfights with numerous opponents , it is advantageous to eliminate soldiers and security cameras before they spot or hear the player . Certain weapons incorporate suppressor or telescopic sight attachments to aid the player in killing enemies discreetly . There are no health recovery items in the game , although armour vests can be acquired to provide a secondary health bar . Four save files are available to track the player 's progress through the game 's twenty missions , each of which may be played on " Agent " , " Secret Agent " , or " 00 Agent " difficulty settings .
According to Lawrence , parallel to the design of the A380 , Airbus conducted the most extensive and thorough market analysis of commercial aviation ever undertaken , justifying its VLA plans , while according to Aboulafia , the rise of mid size aircraft and market fragmentation reduced VLAs to niche market status , making such plans unjustified . The two analysts ' market forecasts differed in the incorporation of spoke hub and point to point models . The difference was illustrated in 2014 when British Airways replaced three B777 flights between London and Los Angeles with two A380 , per day .
In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee investigation into the affair in October 1949 , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , General Omar Bradley , doubted that there would ever be another large scale amphibious operation . In stature and seniority , General of the Army Douglas MacArthur was the Army 's foremost general . The son of Lieutenant General Arthur MacArthur , Jr . , a recipient of the Medal of Honor for action during the American Civil War , he had graduated at the top of his West Point class of 1903 , but never attended an advanced service school except for the engineer course in 1908 .
During character creation , the computer randomly generates statistics for each character , although the player can alter these attributes . The player also chooses each character 's alignment , or moral philosophy ; while the player controls each character 's actions , alignment can affect how NPCs view their actions . The player can then customize the appearance and colors of each character 's combat icon . Alternatively , the player can load a pre generated party to be used for introductory play . These characters are combined into a party of six or less , with two slots open for NPCs .
The PLANTS are a technological power house , developing many new technologies that give them equal power to Earth despite their very small population . It is the invention of the Mobile Suits that give their military the edge in the beginning of the war . The story begins in the neutral Orb Union owned space colony Heliopolis , where secret development of 5 advanced mobile suits for the Earth Forces war effort in exchange for their technical data to be shared with the neutral Orb Union military . Additionally Heliopolis constructs a unique carrier battleship , the Archangel to base the five mobile suits from for the Earth Forces .
She claims that a rebel force of aliens are mutilating their faces to prevent infection by the black oil . Cigarette Smoking Man reveals everything to Diana Fowley , who agrees to help him and betray Mulder . Cassandra later escapes from a hospital and arrives at Mulder 's apartment , demanding that he shoot her because she is the embodiment of fifty years of work by the Syndicate — an alien human hybrid that will trigger colonization if the aliens learn of her existence . Fowley arrives and forcibly takes Mulder , Cassandra , and Scully to a CDC facility at Fort Marlene .
The inspection revealed a wound behind the right ear , fractures to the top of the skull , and a cut through the vertebra where he had been decapitated . The remains of a garotte were also found around his neck , all of which was suggestive of a ritual killing rather than an accidental death , perhaps related to the Celtic cult of the severed head . The condition of the tooth pulp suggested that Worsley Man was 20 – 30 years old at the time of his death , which radiocarbon dating of a fragment of preserved soft tissue indicated was during the late Iron Age , some time around 120 AD , identifying him as a Romano British Celt .
Effectively , the John Bull became a 4 2 0 ( a locomotive with two unpowered axles , one powered main axle , and no trailing axles ) . Later , the C & A also added a pilot ( " cowcatcher " ) to the lead truck . The cowcatcher is an angled assembly designed to deflect animals and debris off of the railroad track in front of the locomotive . To protect the locomotive 's crew from the weather , the C & A also added walls and a roof ( a cab ) to the rear of the locomotive where the controls were located .
" In terms of international exposure , during a fourth month period Spears was featured in seven mini TV specials and more than one hundred and fifty interviews outside the US . Spears first performed " Me Against the Music " at the 2003 NFL Kickoff Live on September 4 , 2003 at the National Mall . The performance segued into a medley of " ... Baby One More Time " and " I 'm a Slave 4 U " , which included pyrotechnics . On September 14 , 2003 , Spears played a surprise concert at Rain Nightclub in the Palms Casino Resort , and performed " Me Against the Music " , " Breathe on Me " and a medley of " ... Baby One More Time " and " I 'm a Slave 4 U " .
War weary sailors demanded to return home and the ensuing standoff culminated in a mass shooting of sailor demonstrators . Fifteen people were wounded , but only one died , a sailor from Vergniaud . The battleship 's crew had thus far remained neutral in the conflict but quickly joined the ranks of the most radical mutineers , unfurling red banners in support of the Bolshevik forces . The four day stalemate ended in a victory for the sailors : the ships withdrew from the Black Sea and Vergniaud returned to France . The ship departed on 29 April , towing the merchant ship SS Jerusalem to Constantinople .
Although ( contrary to rumour ) she never placed bets , she did have the racing commentaries piped direct to her London residence , Clarence House , so she could follow the races . As an art collector , she purchased works by Claude Monet , Augustus John and Peter Carl Fabergé , among others . In February 1964 , she had an emergency appendectomy , which led to the postponement of a planned tour of Australia , New Zealand and Fiji until 1966 . She recuperated during a Caribbean cruise aboard the royal yacht , Britannia . In December 1966 , she underwent an operation to remove a tumour after she was diagnosed with colon cancer .
" However , in January 2012 , Heigl stated in an interview that she has asked the producers if she could return to the show to give closure to Izzie 's storyline : " I 've told them I want to [ return ] , " she said . " I really , really , really want to see where [ Izzie ] is . I just want to know what happened to her and where she went and what she 's doing now . My idea is that she actually like figures it out , and finds some success and does really well in a different hospital .
The information was published in the September 1801 issue of the Monatliche Correspondenz . By this time , the apparent position of Ceres had changed ( mostly due to Earth 's orbital motion ) , and was too close to the Sun 's glare for other astronomers to confirm Piazzi 's observations . Toward the end of the year , Ceres should have been visible again , but after such a long time it was difficult to predict its exact position . To recover Ceres , Carl Friedrich Gauss , then 24 years old , developed an efficient method of orbit determination .
This was during a storyline where CM Punk had won the WWE Championship and left the company . Though a new champion was crowned , Triple H helped re sign Punk and upheld both championship reigns . He announced he would referee a match to unify both WWE Championships at SummerSlam . Although he counted a pinfall for CM Punk to win , John Cena 's leg was on the ropes , which would break the pin . Regardless , Triple H 's longtime friend Kevin Nash attacked Punk immediately after the match to allow Alberto Del Rio to become the new champion .
He stated that " The top generals who decided to murder Diệm and his brother were scared to death . The generals knew very well that having no talent , no moral virtues , no political support whatsoever , they could not prevent a spectacular comeback of the president and Mr. Nhu if they were alive . " At around 16 : 00 on 2 November , the bodies of Diệm and Nhu were identified by the wife of former Cabinet minister Trần Trùng Dung . The corpses were taken to St. Paul 's Catholic Hospital , where a French doctor made a formal statement of death without conducting an autopsy .
The Iridaceae contained those with three stamens and an inferior ovary . The remaining taxa were put together in a very broadly defined Liliaceae , usually refereed to as Liliaceae sensu lato ( s.l. ) . The Cronquist system 's definition , for example , is the broadest of all . Rolf Dahlgren and colleagues were responsible for one of the most radical reorganisation of families , and in their 1985 monocot monograph defined the two orders ( Asparagales and Liliales ) which contain the bulk of monocot geophytes , as constituting the lilioid monocots . The development of DNA sequencing and the use of genetic data in determining relationships between species of monocots confirmed what many taxonomists had long suspected : Liliaceae s.l. was highly polyphyletic .
Bridgwater Docks , in which the tidal basin , locks , quaysides , bridges and fittings are listed buildings , is now a marina , and the old warehouse , built in 1840 – 50 has been converted into apartments , with new apartment blocks built nearby . The only commercially active industry located at the docks is Bowering 's Animal Feed Mill . The towpath forms part of Sustrans ' National Cycle Network route NCR 3 connecting Bath and Cornwall , and attracts numerous travellers . Plans have been proposed for the upgrading of the towpath and development of a visitor centre at Maunsel .
In 1896 , the Marquis of Bute , then owner of Flat Holm , agreed to lease all the land that was not already in use by the military or the lighthouse to the Cardiff Corporation for £ 50 per year . The corporation then built a permanent sanatorium on the land for use by cholera patients . The building was described in The Lancet as a " pavilion " comprising two six bed wards and a nurse 's room . In 1893 , three more sailors arrived in Cardiff from Marseilles on the SS Blue Jacket and were suspected of having cholera .
Reporter Sandra Davie was informed of the discrepancy and published an article about it in the national broadsheet The Straits Times . Because the cats were registered as Abyssinians in the import certificates , and because the Meadows had been breeders of Abyssinian , Burmese , and Siamese , some have speculated that the Singapura is a Burmese / Abyssinian cross and it has even been described as such by CFA Judges . The resemblance of some Burmese / Abyssinian cross to the Singapura , as well as the Singapura 's small litter size , which is uncommon in natural breeds , added more doubts to the Meadows ' story .
In November 2014 , it was reported by several sources , including the French newspaper La Tribune that Egypt was in negotiations with France to purchase 24 to 36 Rafales , subject to the financing agreement . By February 2015 , the two countries were negotiating a loan from France 's export credit agency to reach an export agreement for up to 24 Rafale fighters . Egypt hoped to complete deal quickly to have aircraft on display at the inauguration of the Suez Canal expansion in August 2015 . On 16 February 2015 , Egypt became the Rafale 's first international customer when it officially ordered 24 Rafales , as part of a larger deal ( including a FREMM multipurpose frigate and a supply of missiles ) worth US $ 5.9 billion ( € 5.2 billion ) .
The team also worked at improving the game 's graphics ; the appearance of DJ Hero 's graffiti based menus gave the impression of being a hip hop game , but FreeStyleGames wanted to distance DJ Hero 2 from that . They also wanted to clean up the gameplay 's interface , providing better feedback to the player and making it easily to tell when they were winning or losing . While DJ Hero 2 does not use Kinect or PlayStation Move motion sensing technology , Jackson had not ruled them out for a future iteration of the game . Another step to move the game from the apparent hip hop nature was through its song selection .
Two days later , No. 1 Wing intercepted a force of 27 Mitsubishi G4M " Betty " bombers escorted by 23 Zeros which was en route to attack the USAAF heavy bomber base at Fenton airstrip and shot down six bombers and two fighters . The wing lost six Spitfires during this battle , including three to mechanical problems . Enough of the Japanese force made it through the defences to attack Fenton , and three USAAF B 24 Liberators were destroyed and seven damaged . While June had been the most successful month in No. 1 Wing 's history , its strength declined considerably due to losses from combat and mechanical problems .
In 2000 , Fey partnered with fellow SNL cast member Rachel Dratch in the Off Broadway two woman show Dratch & Fey at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in New York City . The production was well received by critics . Tim Townsend of The Wall Street Journal wrote that the fun part of watching Fey and Dratch perform was " seeing how comfortable they are with each other " . He concluded that the production " isn 't about two women being funny ... Dratch and Fey are just funny . Period . " One of the SNL sketches , " Sully and Denise " , originated at The Second City .
In 1953 , Wackett established advanced diploma training for twenty five airmen annually at Melbourne Technical College , the graduates receiving commissions as pilot officers . He also began recruiting university qualified engineers to the Technical Branch , and put in place formal relationships with such bodies as CSIRO , the Council of Aeronautics ( of which he was a member ) , Aeronautical Research Laboratories , and local aircraft manufacturers de Havilland Australia , Government Aircraft Factories , and CAC . He further initiated RAAF sponsorship of a chair of aeronautics at the University of Sydney . Wackett was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1957 New Years Honours .
The species is commonly called " snakeskin grisette " . Another common name is " strangulated amanita " , referring to the tightly clasping volva . It is also called Cecilia 's ringless amanita after Cecilia Berkeley , the wife of M. J. Berkeley . The name was meant " to record the services which have been rendered to Mycology by many excellent illustrations and in other ways " . Amanita ceciliae is characterized by bearing a large fruit body with a brown cap 5 – 12 cm ( 2.0 – 4.7 in ) across . The cap has charcoal grey patches , which are easily removable .
At 3 : 20 pm the ARVN 52nd Ranger Battalion were discharged on a landing zone about 3 kilometres south of Đồng Xoài . As the South Vietnamese Rangers marched towards the town centre , their lead company was decimated in an ambush mounted by elements of the Viet Cong 271st Regiment . Undeterred by the strength of the Viet Cong , they continued their march towards the district . On the night of June 10 , the battalion began attacking Viet Cong positions around the Special Forces Camp , and they gradually recaptured the compound and much of the town .
Boydell 's willingness to assume responsibility for his own business so early in his career indicates that he had ambition and an enterprising spirit . Independent shops were risky in the 1740s because no strict copyright laws , other than the Engraving Copyright Act of 1734 ( known as " Hogarth 's Act " ) , had yet been instituted . The pirating of published books and prints became a profession in its own right and greatly decreased the profits of publishers such as Boydell . Around 1747 , Boydell published his first major work , The Bridge Book , for which he drew and cut each print himself .
Wisley proposes but Jane ultimately rejects him due to lack of affection . The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again ; they argue but increasingly take interest in each other and Tom demonstrates that he takes Jane 's literary aspirations seriously . In time they fall in love . Tom , Jane , her brother Henry and Jane 's rich widowed cousin , Eliza , Comtesse de Feullide , conspire to receive an invitation from Tom 's uncle and benefactor , the Lord Chief Judge Langlois of London , for the rich " Madame La Comtesse " and her friends . This visit is meant to be a short break in their journey to see Jane 's brother , Edward .
Birmingham , Alabama was , in 1963 , " probably the most thoroughly segregated city in the United States . " Although the city 's population of almost 350,000 was 60 % white and 40 % black , Birmingham had no black police officers , firefighters , sales clerks in department stores , bus drivers , bank tellers , or store cashiers . Black secretaries could not work for white professionals . Jobs available to blacks were limited to manual labor in Birmingham 's steel mills , work in household service and yard maintenance , or work in black neighborhoods .
Opposing them were the 13th and 70th Armies of the Central Front . The 20th Panzer and 6th Infantry Divisions of the XLVII Panzer Corps , spearheaded the advance of the XLVII Panzer Corps . Behind them the remaining two panzer divisions followed , ready to exploit any breakthrough . The heavily mined terrain and fortified positions of the 15th Rifle Division slowed the advance . By 08 : 00 safe lanes had been cleared through the minefield . That morning information obtained from prisoner interrogation identified a weakness at the boundary of the 15th and 81st Rifle Divisions caused by the German preliminary bombardment .
The karyotype includes 34 chromosomes . A. caenosus mostly occurs in Yungas vegetation and breeds mainly during the winter . It shares its range with many other sigmodontine rodents , including three other species of Akodon . E. Budin collected the first specimen of the species on August 21 , 1917 , in Jujuy Province , northwestern Argentina , and the next year Oldfield Thomas used the animal as the holotype of a new subspecies of Akodon puer , a Bolivian species . He described the new subspecies Akodon puer cænosus as darker and duller in color than the Bolivian form , but otherwise identical .
The entire stem and ring are not pure white but have a faint yellowish tinge . The flesh is whitish , faintly yellowish in the stem , and golden yellow under the cuticle of the cap . It does not change color in air , and has an insignificant taste and smell . The spores are broadly ellipsoid to roughly spherical , hyaline ( translucent ) , smooth , and have dimensions of 9 – 12 by 7 – 8 µm . They are non amyloid , meaning that they do not absorb iodine when stained with Melzer 's reagent .
Whatever the truth of the rumours , James required a royal match to preserve the Stuart line . " God is my witness " , he explained , " I could have abstained longer than the weal of my country could have permitted , [ had not ] my long delay bred in the breasts of many a great jealousy of my inability , as if I were a barren stock . " On 20 August 1589 , Anne was married by proxy to James at Kronborg Castle , the ceremony ending with James ' representative , George Keith , 5th Earl Marischal , sitting next to Anne on the bridal bed .
When Judge Noel Anketell Kramer was asked about Guandique 's potential connection to the Levy homicide , she responded , " This is such a satellite issue . To me it doesn 't have anything to do with this case . " Kramer sentenced Guandique to 10 years in prison for his attacks on two other women at Rock Creek Park . Guandique was sent to the U.S. Penitentiary , Big Sandy near Inez , Kentucky , and was later transferred to the U.S. Penitentiary at Victorville , California . The Levy homicide remained listed as a " cold case " until 2006 , when Cathy L. Lanier succeeded Ramsey as D.C. police chief .
Williams released her first non Gospel third solo album , Unexpected , in October 2008 , with several of the tracks boasting an uptempo Euro dance flavour . The following month , Knowles released her third studio solo album , I Am ... Sasha Fierce . LeToya Luckett released her second album , Lady Love , in the summer of 2009 . Also , that summer Williams made history by becoming the first African American actress to play murderous chorus girl Roxie Hart in the London West End run of the stage musical Chicago . In June 2010 , Rowland released " Commander " , the first single from her third album Here I Am .
Lodge cabled back , initially backing the false story disseminated by the generals , saying that their story was plausible because of the supposedly loaded pistol being left on the floor of the vehicle . Rusk was worried about the public relations implications the bloody photographs of the brothers would generate . Lodge showed no alarm in public , congratulating Đôn on the " masterful performance " of the coup and promising diplomatic recognition . Đôn 's assertion that the assassinations were unplanned proved sufficient for Lodge , who told the State Department that " I am sure assassination was not at their direction .
Since the early 1980s , much of the area between Tyldesley and Astley has been built on for housing . Indicators show that the township has a strong housing market , with a high owner occupancy rate of almost 80 % . Parts of Astley are among the 5 % least deprived areas in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan , whilst parts of the Blackmoor area , where social housing is concentrated , are within the 10 – 20 % most deprived neighbourhoods nationally . Facilities in the village include a small local shopping centre at Blackmoor . The development of Astley Green Colliery Museum and the heritage centre at Damhouse attract visitors interested in the area 's heritage .
In most other ITV regions , The Flaxton Boys was broadcast in this time slot . Although repeats ran until 1972 on ATV and Southern , and until 1975 on Granada , the series has not been transmitted since and remains unsold to new broadcasters , although ATN Channel 7 purchased and broadcast the series in Australia on Saturday mornings in 1972 . Critical reception of The Secret Service has been mostly negative . Gerry Anderson , however , has said that it is his favourite of all the series that he has produced . Leo Eaton , who directed four episodes , has referred to The Secret Service as " just a bit weird " and questioned the effectiveness of Unwin 's humour .
Percy Hibberd built a prototype transmitter with pulses of a few hundred watts and fitted it to the Heyford in March 1937 . In testing the transmitter proved only barely suitable in the air to air role , with short detection ranges due to its relatively low power . But to everyone 's surprise , it was able to easily pick out the wharves and cranes at the Harwich docks a few miles south of Bawdsey . Shipping appeared as well , but the team was unable to test this very well as the Heyford was forbidden to fly over water .
In 1901 Gaudí decorated the house of Isabel Güell López , Marchioness of Castelldosrius , and daughter of Eusebi Güell . Situated at 19 Carrer Junta de Comerç , the house had been built in 1885 and renovated between 1901 and 1904 ; it was destroyed by a bomb during the Civil War . The following year Gaudí took part in the decoration of the Bar Torino , property of Flaminio Mezzalana , located at 18 Passeig de Gràcia ; Gaudí designed the ornamentation of el Salón Árabe of that establishment , made with varnished Arabian style cardboard tiles ( which no longer exist ) .
Alisia Dragoon has been recognized retrospectively as a relatively early video game to challenge a gender bias prevalent in the industry at the time . In the early 1990s , the video game market was skewed toward the young male demographic , and games often portrayed women as " damsels in distress " , submissive and requiring rescue by the male protagonists . Along with contemporary games like Streets of Rage or Wurm : Journey to the Center of the Earth , Alisia Dragoon featured a female leading character who can defend herself without the help of a male hero .
He left Brampton ranked second on the club 's all time scoring list behind Wojtek Wolski in regular season goals ( 114 ) , assists ( 129 ) , points ( 243 ) , powerplay goals ( 46 ) and shorthanded goals ( 7 ) , while ranking first in game winning goals ( 23 ) . In playoff games , he left as the all time leader in goals ( 20 ) , assists ( 30 ) and points ( 50 ) . Following his 2009 – 10 OHL season , it was expected Hodgson would join the Manitoba Moose for a second consecutive AHL playoff season .
The project has been supported by some public officials , and received some public funding , but received criticism for its financial ties to the Church of Scientology , for exposing rescue workers to potential medical dangers , and for discouraging their use of orthodox medicine . Sources in the Fire Department told a reporter that several participants had joined Scientology , even disconnecting from their families . Tom Cruise explained his motivation for setting up the project in a Scientology promotional video that leaked onto the internet in January 2008 . The Environmental Protection Agency had stated after the World Trade Center attack that the air was safe to breathe .
Stoke began to compete for honours in the 1970 – 71 season , though despite impressive victories against the top two clubs – Arsenal and Leeds United – City ended the season in mid table obscurity . The club 's great achievement was in reaching the semi finals of the FA Cup , beating Millwall , Huddersfield Town , Ipswich Town and Hull City en route . Facing Arsenal at Hillsborough in the semi finals , they lost a two goal lead to draw 2 – 2 , and were then beaten 2 – 0 in the replay at Villa Park .
Once authorized by Congress , they were produced in various metals and sizes , for the most part prior to the celebrations near Minneapolis in June 1925 . Only 53 were issued in gold , and they are rare and valuable today ; those struck in silver or bronze are much less expensive . They are sometimes collected as part of the commemorative coin series . On July 4 or 5 , 1825 , the vessel Restauration sailed from Stavanger , Norway for the United States , with 45 emigrants aboard . According to what The New York Times deemed " bacchanalian " legends of its passage , the expedition anchored off an English seacoast village and traded ashore some of its rum , only to depart in haste when local officials took an interest .
He considered Soeman 's work best read for its entertainment value . In a film commemorating Soeman made by the Lontar Foundation , Budianta concluded : You can say he only wrote a few works . You can say that his works are not that popular , not that monumental , but the presence of Soeman Hs as a writer of humorous and detective stories cannot be ignored . If we try to tell of the pioneers of humour and detective fiction , well Soeman Hs was their father . He can be considered the father of humorous and detective stories .
Romanesque Revival architecture was very popular in Hartford City , and at least 7 of the District 's contributing buildings were built using this style . This style of architecture is known for round arches in many of the openings . Smooth surfaces , sometimes with belt courses are also typical . A variation of the Romanesque Revival architectural style known as Richardsonian Romanesque was popular in America near the end of the 19th century , when much of the construction around Hartford City 's courthouse took place . The courthouse and Presbyterian Church are outstanding examples of Henry Hobson Richardson 's variation in Romanesque Revival style .
College basketball had started offering doubleheaders during the Great Depression to provide customers value for their money . Fans had grown accustomed to watching two games , so doubleheaders in the NBA became common . The National Basketball Association was still struggling in its 16th season , not yet a major sports league and less established than college basketball . The league was hardly national with only one team west of St Louis . The NBA received low television ratings , and this game was not televised . The National Broadcast Company ( NBC ) considered not renewing the league 's television contract .
Watson was nominated for five awards for her performance in Philosopher 's Stone , winning the Young Artist Award for Leading Young Actress . A year later , Watson again starred as Hermione in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets , the second instalment of the series . Reviewers praised the lead actors ' performances . The Los Angeles Times said Watson and her peers had matured between films , while The Times criticised director Chris Columbus for " under employing " Watson 's hugely popular character . Watson received an Otto Award from the German magazine Bravo for her performance .
Although the flitch ceremony at Dunmow is generally held to have originated with the Fitzwalters in the 13th century there are some who would date it to earlier Norman or Saxon times , one suggested date being 1104 , the founding of the Little Dunmow Priory . This is partly because the flitch of Dunmow seems to have already been common knowledge in very early works such as the prologue to Chaucer 's " Wife of Bath " and also in the Visions of Pierce Plowman by William Langland . Some would also read passages in the Anglo Saxon Chronicle as alluding to the Dunmow flitch .
It then heads east until it reaches Ayden . After about two and a half miles ( 4.2 km ) , NC 102 enters Ayden , and has an intersection with NC 11 . NC 102 continues through Ayden along 3rd Street , and in the heart of Ayden crosses a CSX rail line . From there NC 102 then continues east out of Ayden still along 3rd Street . After leaving Ayden , NC 102 enters a very rural area with many farms and small forests . About a mile ( 1.2 km ) further east NC 102 has a junction with Ayden Golf Club Road .
Its initial release ultimately brought in $ 123.1 million in rentals . Theatrical re releases in 1976 and 1979 brought its total rentals to $ 133.4 million . The picture entered overseas release in December 1975 , and its international business mirrored its domestic performance . It broke records in Singapore , New Zealand , Japan , Spain , and Mexico . By 1977 , Jaws was the highest grossing international release with worldwide rentals of $ 193 million , equating to about $ 400 million of gross revenue ; it supplanted The Godfather , which had earned $ 145 million in rentals .
Considering that Stowe intended this to be a subtheme , then this scene could foreshadow future events that puts alcohol in a bad light . Because Stowe saw motherhood as the " ethical and structural model for all of American life " and also believed that only women had the moral authority to save the United States from the demon of slavery , another major theme of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is the moral power and sanctity of women . Through characters like Eliza , who escapes from slavery to save her young son ( and eventually reunites her entire family ) , or Eva , who is seen as the " ideal Christian " , Stowe shows how she believed women could save those around them from even the worst injustices .
Brynner regretted that there were not more tryout performances , feeling that the schedule did not give him an adequate opportunity to develop the complex role of the King . When he told this to Hammerstein and Rodgers , they asked what sort of performance they would get from him , and he responded , " It will be good enough , it will get the reviews . " In 1862 , a strong willed , widowed schoolteacher , Anna Leonowens , arrives in Bangkok , Siam ( later known as Thailand ) at the request of the King of Siam to tutor his many children .
Moore appeared in other television and radio shows , including Just a Minute and , from 1992 until 1998 , playing the role of GamesMaster in the television show of the same name : a character who professed to know everything there is to know about video gaming . He would issue video game challenges and answered questions on cheats and tips . The show 's host , Dominik Diamond , claimed that Moore did not understand anything that he said on the show , yet managed to record his contributions in single takes . Moore was a keen amateur actor , appearing in local plays .
Using a mechanical sandblaster in a laboratory setting , scientists affiliated with the Agricultural Research Service studied the effects of windblown sand abrasion on cotton seedlings . The study showed that the seedlings responded to the damage created by the windblown sand abrasion by shifting energy from stem and root growth to the growth and repair of the damaged stems . After a period of four weeks the growth of the seedling once again became uniform throughout the plant , as it was before the windblown sand abrasion occurred . Cattle and sheep are prone to wind chill caused by a combination of wind and cold temperatures , when winds exceed 40 kilometers per hour ( 25 mph ) , rendering their hair and wool coverings ineffective .
He composed for Command & Conquer : Tiberian Sun with Jarrid Mendelson — with whom he would later collaborate on Emperor : Battle for Dune . He began by writing Stomp , an energetic rock piece intended to recreate the effect of Hell March for the new game . Coincidentally , one of the trailers for Command and Conquer 3 featured ' Stomp ' as the soundtrack . Westwood instead wanted Tiberian Sun to feature darker , more moody music , and Stomp was shelved in favor of the current sound . Bereft of ideas due to the stark change in direction , Klepacki asked Mendelson to collaborate ; he regards tracks they both worked on as the best .
Gingrich called this action " Dole proofing " the platform , and the plank passed over Dole 's opposition . Then , in 1985 , Dole proposed an austere budget that barely passed in the senate with appendectomy patient Pete Wilson casting the tying vote and Vice President Bush casting the deciding vote . In meetings with the president that excluded Dole , Kemp reworked the budget to exclude crucial Social Security cutbacks . This is said to have been Dole 's most crushing political defeat and to have contributed to the Republican loss of control of the Senate . During the 1988 presidential election , the two antagonized each other .
Following her second defeat , Kirakisho is touched by Shinku 's love and surrenders her Rosa Mystica.Tale 65 She was later revived with a physical body and is in possession of the adult Jun.Tale 66 Kirakisho is voiced by Chiemi Chiba . Laplace 's Demon ( ラプラスの魔 , Rapurasu no Ma ) Laplace 's Demon is a humanoid with a rabbit 's head who dwells in the N field.Phase 5 He is the referee to the Alice Game and often assists the protagonists through riddles or as a directional guide . He is voiced in Träumend and Ouvertüre by Kyousei Tsukui with English dubbing by Keith Silverstein .
Nitro then engaged in a feud with Hardy . Nitro recaptured the Intercontinental Championship from Hardy on November 6 when the General Manager for the night , Eric Bischoff , restarted a match that Nitro lost by disqualification . The next week , however , Hardy won the title back . In addition , Nitro was featured in a sporadic feud with John Cena throughout 2006 . The feud was unique in that it also involved non wrestler Kevin Federline , who appeared on October 16 episode of Raw . Federline was then , in storyline , trained by Nitro for a match with Cena , which he won after interference from Umaga .
" The film also has a score of 41 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 12 critics indicating " mixed or average reviews " . Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film 1 star out of 5 , describing it as " an appallingly clumsy and stupid take on drugs , kidnapping and suicide in suburbia " . A. O. Scott expressed similar sentiments in The New York Times , calling the film " dreadful " and criticizing its unoriginality . Variety 's Scott Foundas also wrote that the film " doesn 't have an original bone in its body or a compelling thought in its head " and called it " insufferable " , " self conscious " and " smug " .
They argued that Bamber had then set about arranging the scene to make it appear that Sheila was the killer . He had discovered that she could not have reached the trigger with the silencer attached , so he had removed it and placed it in the cupboard , then placed a Bible next to her body to introduce a religious theme . He had removed the kitchen phone from its hook , left the house via a kitchen window , and banged it from the outside so that the catch dropped back into position . He had then cycled home .
Frederick William Robertson , a preacher , theologian and divine whose ministry at Brighton 's Holy Trinity Church was nationally famous , lived at 9 Montpelier Terrace from 1847 until 1850 , then at 60 Montpelier Road until his death in 1853 . Another resident of Montpelier Road was Dr William King , an important figure in the British cooperative movement , who owned number 23 . Eleanor Marx lived at 6 Vernon Terrace for a time in the late 19th century . Screenwriter Edward Knoblock 's home was at 20 Clifton Terrace , and another resident of that street was playwright and author Alan Melville : he lived at number 17 from 1951 until 1973 and then at 28 Victoria Street until his death in 1983 .
Piper started the match by throwing his kilt in Lawler 's face and attacking him . The match consisted mainly of brawling , and Lawler was frequently distracted by the fan who was standing in Piper 's corner . Lawler gained the advantage by performing a sleeper hold and a piledriver on Piper . He attacked Piper with a foreign object , which knocked Piper to the mat . Then , while trying to pin Piper , Jerry Lawler placed his feet on the ropes for leverage . The fan at ringside pushed Lawler 's feet off , however , which allowed Piper to perform a back suplex and get the victory .
Elizabeth received this pension on behalf of her late husband , " General " David Poe , a former quartermaster in Maryland who had loaned money to the state . Edgar Poe first met his cousin Virginia in August 1829 , four months after his discharge from the Army . She was seven at the time . In 1832 , the family – made up of Elizabeth , Maria , Virginia , and Virginia 's brother Henry – was able to use Elizabeth 's pension to rent a home at what was then 3 North Amity Street in Baltimore . Poe 's older brother William Henry Leonard Poe , who had been living with the family , had recently died on August 1 , 1831 .
On 9 May 1889 he starred for George P. Hawtrey in a matinee of Penelope , a musical version of a famous farce The Area Belle , to benefit the Holborn Lodge for Shop Girls . In this benefit , he played the role of Pitcher opposite the seasoned Gilbert and Sullivan performer Rutland Barrington . The Times considered that his performance treated the piece " too much in the manner of pantomime " . During Leno 's long association with the Drury Lane pantomimes , he appeared chiefly as the dame . After Harris died in 1896 , Arthur Collins became the manager of the theatre and oversaw ( and often helped to write ) the pantomimes .
As the battle front moved swiftly southward , trains after the end of July did not run beyond Taegu and P 'ohang dong . After the North Korean threat developed in the Masan region , a supply train ran daily from Pusan to that city . On July 1 the UN Command controlled 1,404 miles ( 2,260 km ) of rail track in South Korea . By August this had shrunk to 431 miles ( 694 km ) of track . In July , 350 mixed trains moved from Pusan toward the front . These included 2,313 freight cars loaded with 69,390 short tons ( 62,950 t ) of supplies .
The film 's highest grossing markets are Japan ( $ 90.1 million ) , the UK , Ireland , and Malta ( $ 47.2 million ) , and Mexico ( $ 37.6 million ) . Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 78 % approval rating based on 189 reviews , with an average rating of 6.8 / 10 . The site 's critical consensus reads " Offering Monsters , Inc. fans a welcome return visit with beloved characters , Monsters University delivers funny and thoughtful family entertainment for viewers of any age . " Another review aggregator , Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics , calculated a score of 65 based on 41 reviews , indicating " generally favorable reviews " .
The President and Vice President of the 43rd High School Council are Dylan Wee ( from class 4O2 ) and Joel Tan ( from class 4H1 ) respectively . Having been designated a FutureSchool in 2008 , HCI has rapidly adopted new Information Technology ( IT ) resources . Announcements and notices are posted regularly online in the school 's Electronic Message Board ( EMB ) , as a replacement for traditional school wide announcements , and students are required to check the online board regularly . HCI recently developed its own wiki platform , called the Hwa Chong Institution Wikispaces , which further supports collaborative learning and interacting for all staff and students of HCI .
With the tarboosh upon his head which he seemed to wear uneasily , he reclined , rather than sat upon the opposite side of the divân , while his hand played in unconscious familiarity with the hilt of his yataghan . He looked like one who would be ' Steel amid the din of arms , and wax when with the fair.' In this meeting , Said Bey had attempted to dissuade Lynch of his plans to travel to the Dead Sea , with Aqil remarking that the Bedouin of the Ghor ( Jordan Valley ) would " eat them up " .
After the completion of the reunion dates , James said the group had not discussed further plans , and Albarn told Q soon after that Blur had no intention of recording or touring again . He said , " I just can 't do it anymore " , and explained that the main motivation for participating in the reunion was to repair his relationship with Coxon , which he succeeded at . Coxon also said that no further Blur activity was planned , telling NME.com in September , " We 're in touch and we say ' Wotcha ' and all that but nothing has been mentioned about any more shows or anything else " .
UPN requested a modified ending to the episode , as the original version had Phlox and Archer disagreeing over what to do with the Valakians . Archer would have wanted to save the race , while Phlox would have wanted evolution to take its course . John Billingsley , who played Doctor Phlox in Enterprise , didn 't agree with the changed version , saying " the ending that had initially been created I was fairly comfortable with . But the head of the studio suggested some revisions on the ending . What do you do ? I wasn 't as happy with the revisions , but it 's not my show , you have to sort of adjust , even if sometimes it does seem a bit of a contradiction in terms for what your character is supposed to be about .
" The motion was granted by the District Court in Cotterman 's favor . The government appealed , and stated that the border search doctrine justified the initial search and the transport of the computer to Tucson to adequately conduct the search . The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned the lower court 's ruling , in favor of the Government . Reversing the reasoning of the panel , the Ninth Circuit held that forensic examination of a computer seized at the border requires reasonable suspicion . The court also held that there was reasonable suspicion in this case because there was an alert informing the seizing officer of the possibility of child pornography .
Angelou used the metaphor of a bird struggling to escape its cage described in the Paul Laurence Dunbar poem " Sympathy " throughout all of her autobiographies ; she used the metaphor in the titles of both I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings and her sixth autobiography A Song Flung Up to Heaven . Like elements within a prison narrative , the caged bird represented Angelou 's confinement resulting from racism and oppression . This metaphor also invoked the " supposed contradiction of the bird singing in the midst of its struggle " . Reviewer Hilton Als observed that Angelou 's witness of the evil in her society , as directed towards Black women , shaped Angelou 's young life and informed her views into adulthood .
Selee fell ill in 1905 , and Chance was selected to succeed him as manager . That year , he also batted .316 with 92 runs scored and 70 RBIs . His batting average was sixth best in the NL , while he led the league with a .450 on base percentage , and finished seventh with a .434 slugging percentage . His 38 stolen bases were sixth best in the league . In 1906 , Chance batted .319 and led the NL in runs scored ( 103 ) and stolen bases ( 57 ) . His batting average was fifth best in the league , while his .419 on base percentage finished in third , and his .430 slugging percentage placed him in fifth .
" In the days before the election and the days afterward , predictions and reports of fraud were printed daily in the Gazette . Because of the relatively slow communications , messages from other counties were often delayed up to a week . There were numerous reports of anomalies in state polling centers , including names being inexplicably stricken from the voter registration lists and persons voting without proof of registration . The Gazette wrote : It would be as great a farce of yesterday 's election to designate it otherwise than a fraud . It was one of the worst ever yet perpetrated in the state .
The prohibition ( on aikido , at least ) was lifted in 1948 with the creation of the Aiki Foundation , established by the Japanese Ministry of Education with permission from the Occupation forces . The Hombu dojo re opened the following year . After the war , however , Ueshiba delegated most of the work of running the Hombu dojo and the Aiki Federation to his son Kisshomaru , choosing to spend much of his time in prayer , meditation , calligraphy and farming . He still travelled extensively to promote aikido , however , even visiting Hawaii in 1961 .
One , dated 20 January 1738 , found its way to Thomas Hope of Rankeillor , her lawyer , in December 1740 . Some sources state that the first letter had been hidden in some yarn that was collected as part of a rent payment and taken to Inverness and thence to Edinburgh . The idea of the letter 's concealment in yarn is also mentioned by James Boswell in his Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides ( 1785 ) . However , Macaulay states that this method for the delivery of the letter ( s ) has " no basis in reality " and that both letters were smuggled off Hirta by Roderick MacLennan , the island 's minister .
Point Welcome was escorted back to Da Nang under her own power and required three months to repair the damage . Patterson saved the cutter and the surviving crew at great risk to himself . He was awarded a Bronze Star with the combat " V " device for his actions . After eight days of testimony the findings of a board of investigation conducted by MACV were forwarded to the Commandant of the Coast Guard : As a result of the investigation , lines of communication were set up between the Navy and the Air Force . The Air Force knew nothing of Operation Market Time and did not routinely communicate with Naval Forces , Vietnam .
" Edwin Muir , reviewing in Listener wrote that " as a whole the book is so elusive that there is no judging it ; I cannot tell whether it is winding into deeper and deeper worlds of meaning or lapsing into meaningless " , although he too acknowledged that " there are occasional flashes of a kind of poetry which is difficult to define but is of unquestioned power . " B. Ifor Evans , writing in the Manchester Guardian , similarly argued that , due to its difficulties , the book " does not admit of review " , and argued that , perhaps " in twenty years ' time , with sufficient study and with the aid of the commentary that will doubtless arise , one might be ready for an attempt to appraise it .
This aircraft also saw extensive application of composite and other materials , which both reduced the radar cross section ( RCS ) and weight . Moreover , Dassault opted to reject variable engine inlets and a dedicated air brake , which lessens maintenance loads and saves weight . The B01 , the only prototype of the two seat B variant , made its maiden flight on 30 April 1993 . It was 350 kilograms ( 770 lb ) heavier than the single seater , but carried 400 litres ( 110 US gal ) less fuel . The aircraft was used for weapon systems testing .
In some jurisdictions , asexuals have legal protections . While Brazil bans since 1999 whatever pathologization or attempted treatment of sexual orientation by mental health professionals through the national ethical code , the U.S. state of New York has labeled asexuals as a protected class . However , asexuality does not typically attract the attention of the public or major scrutiny ; therefore , it has not been the subject of legislation as much as other sexual orientations have . Asexual representation in the media is limited and rarely openly acknowledged or confirmed by creators or authors . Asexuality as a sexual identity , rather than as a biological entity , became more widely discussed in the media in the beginning of the 21st century .
In Pan Am , Sleepy Hollow Country Club was the setting for much of the series ' third episode . In February and March 2013 , the final three episodes of the first season of television show The Following were filmed in and around the former town of Ossining police station in Briarcliff Manor . Films shot in the village include The Seven Sisters , House of Dark Shadows , Savages , Bed of Roses , Super Troopers , Analyze That , First Born , American Gangster , and The Bourne Legacy . The Seven Sisters , a 1915 production , was filmed at the Briarcliff Lodge .
Stevens then enrolled in the sophomore class at Dartmouth College in Hanover , New Hampshire . At Dartmouth , despite a stellar academic career , he was not elected to Phi Beta Kappa ; this was reportedly a scarring experience for him . Stevens graduated from Dartmouth in 1814 , and was chosen as a commencement speaker . Afterwards , he returned to Peacham and briefly taught there . Stevens also began to study law with Judge John Mattocks in Danville . In early 1815 , after writing to friends in York , Pennsylvania , he moved there . In Pennsylvania , Stevens taught school at the York Academy and continued his studies for the bar .
The rest of her life was spent as a housewife in London . Jane was born in Marylebone into a wealthy family who owned an extensive library . Her mother gave birth to her when she was close to forty years old . Her father , who had spent much of his life working in India , died shortly after her birth . Her mother soon gambled away much of the family fortune . As a girl , she learned to sing and to play the harp , the guitar , and the piano . By her mid teens , Jane possessed an annual annuity of only ₤ 30 .
German authorities looked on without intervening . The name Kristallnacht comes from the shards of broken glass that littered the streets after Jewish owned stores , buildings , and synagogues had their windows smashed . Estimates of the number of fatalities caused by the pogrom have varied . Early reporting estimated that 91 Jewish people were murdered during the attacks . Modern analysis of German scholarly sources by historians such as Richard J. Evans puts the number much higher . When deaths from post arrest maltreatment and subsequent suicides are included , the death toll climbs into the hundreds . Additionally , 30,000 were arrested and incarcerated in Nazi concentration camps .
This analysis argues that , whereas the great European states ( France and Spain ) were absolutist monarchies , and others were under direct Church control , the independent city republics of Italy took over the principles of capitalism invented on monastic estates and set off a vast unprecedented commercial revolution that preceded and financed the Renaissance . Many argue that the ideas characterizing the Renaissance had their origin in late 13th century Florence , in particular with the writings of Dante Alighieri ( 1265 – 1321 ) and Petrarch ( 1304 – 1374 ) , as well as the paintings of Giotto di Bondone ( 1267 – 1337 ) .
You have to look at hugely successful fiction authors such as Dan Brown or JK Rowling to find books that have sold more quickly on their first day . Mandelson may remain the prince but Blair has reclaimed his title as king , certainly in terms of book sales . Blair recorded a series of promotional interviews for radio and television for , among others , the Arabic television network Al Jazeera , the ITV1 daytime magazine programme This Morning , and BBC Two , which aired an hour long interview with the journalist and political commentator Andrew Marr . He was in Washington , D.C. on the day of the UK launch to participate in peace talks with Middle East leaders and attend a White House dinner with Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , and Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
Many of the staff were fans of his work , and showrunners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein had planned to use him in an episode called " Lisa and Camp " , which revolved around Lisa " discovering the joys of campy things " . Their idea was combined with Meyer 's and it became this episode . The episode was originally titled " Bart Goes to Camp " , but was renamed because the joke was too oblique . Mike B. Anderson directed the episode , telling The Gold Coast Bulletin : " When I read the script I was enthralled , not only because of the visual possibilities , but also because the story felt very solid .
Bamber said that he did , that he alerted police , and that Sheila fired the final shot while he and the officers were standing outside the house . It became a central plank of the prosecution 's case that the father had made no such call , and that the only reason Bamber would have lied about it – indeed , the only way he could have known about the shootings when he alerted the police – was that he was the killer himself . Ralph Nevill Bamber ( known as Nevill , born 8 June 1924 , 61 when he died ) , was a farmer , former RAF pilot , and a local magistrate at Witham Magistrates ' Court .
Consequently , the films are only available via various BitTorrent trackers . Harmáček himself remarked : " I 'm convinced that 99 % of people who download this already bought Star Wars 10 times over on DVD . " As of November 2015 , he has received no legal issues from Lucasfilm over the Despecialized Edition . Reaction to Harmy 's Despecialized Edition has been positive . Writing for Inverse , Sean Hutchinson placed it at number one on his list of the best Star Wars fan edits , and described them as " the perfect pre 1997 way to experience the saga " .
' , and it was like whoa [ ... ] this is trippy . After 20 seconds , it quickly fell apart and you realized how it actually works , and it wasn 't that impressive . But it was still , for 20 seconds , really exciting . The more people that talked to it , the smarter it got . " Jonze 's interest in the project was renewed after directing the short film I 'm Here ( 2010 ) , which shares similar themes . Inspiration also came from Kaufman 's writing approach for Synecdoche , New York ( 2008 ) .
It was the second annual event and took place on July 24 , 2005 , at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo , New York . The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the SmackDown ! program . The main event was Batista defending the World Heavyweight Championship against John " Bradshaw " Layfield ( JBL ) . JBL won the match after Batista was disqualified , but did not win the title because a championship can only be won via pinfall or submission . One of the featured matches on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Eddie Guerrero , which Mysterio won by pinfall .
The kid 's been doing it all his life , why mess with it ? " At the college level , his coaches at the University of Michigan also accepted Robinson 's practice . After learning that Robinson could run the 100 meters in 10.4 seconds with his shoes untied , Michigan quarterbacks coach Rod Smith called it " the damnedest thing I 've ever seen " and added , " Anybody that runs that fast I 'm not going to tell him how to tie his shoes . " Robinson wears Adidas Reggie2 Superfly shoes with Velcro straps to secure them to his feet .
There were two entrances on the main ( south ) facade , one at ground level and another on the balcony . The entrances had double wooden doors , paneled below and glazed above . All of the building 's windows consisted of wood framed , paired casement windows with brick sills . A veranda with Tuscan piers extended the length of the main facade , interrupted by a two bay wide , one bay deep projection east of the main entrance . The building 's interior contained a doubles court , two singles courts , a reception room , locker rooms , showers , and a spectators ' gallery seating 150 .
The launch method is a vertical hot launch from a sealed canister , providing all azimuth coverage . " Brown Hazelnut " also has missile maintenance and diagnostic capabilities . Israel initially produced the Arrow system domestically , but on February 11 , 2003 IAI and Boeing signed an agreement , valued at over $ 25 million for fiscal years 2003 – 2004 , to establish production facilities for the manufacture of components for the Arrow missile in the United States . In March 2004 , IAI awarded a $ 78 million production contract to Boeing ; the total contract value could exceed $ 225 million through second quarter 2008 .
Work on the CF 103 stalled , with the maiden flight originally scheduled for the summer of 1952 , postponed to mid 1953 . With Cold War pressures mounting , the Canadian government demanded that production of the latest CF 100 fighter , as well as developing more advanced variants of the Canuck should predominate , leading the Avro company to curtail the moribund CF 103 project in December 1951 . Although the mock up languished in the experimental bay at the factory , a dramatic event served to preclude any attempt to restart the project . On 18 December 1952 , from a height of 33,000 ft ( 10,000 m ) , Żurakowski dived the CF 100 Mk 4 prototype ( RCAF Serial No. 18112 ) to Mach 1.06 .
Honnen had health problems , and spent much of April , May and June 1943 in hospital before being ordered home on 18 June . He was replaced by Brigadier General Edwin D. Patrick , who had served on the staff of Admiral William F. Halsey in the South Pacific Area . Patrick did not get along smoothly with Krueger or the rest of the Sixth Army staff , and in May 1944 Patrick was appointed to command the 158th Regimental Combat Team , and Decker became chief of staff . Command in the Southwest Pacific Area was complicated . Instead of operations being conducted by the Sixth Army , its headquarters was used for what became Alamo Force .
Although no such requirement is included in the text of the legislation , Congressman John Linder has stated that the FairTax would be implemented as an inclusive tax , which would include the tax in the retail price , not added on at checkout — an item on the shelf for five dollars would be five dollars total . The legislation requires the receipt to display the tax as 23 % of the total . Linder states the FairTax is presented as a 23 % tax rate for easy comparison to income and employment tax rates ( the taxes it would be replacing ) .
Also known as the grey necked picathartes , this passerine is mainly found in rocky areas of close canopied rainforest from south west Nigeria through Cameroon , Equatorial Guinea , and south west Gabon . It additionally lives on the island of Bioko . Its distribution is patchy , with populations often isolated from each other . The rockfowl typically chooses to live near streams and inselbergs in its forested habitat . It has no recognized subspecies , though some believe that it forms a superspecies with the white necked rockfowl . The grey necked rockfowl has grey upperparts , a light grey breast , and lemon coloured underparts .
The latter not only refused , however , but took his letter straight to his uncle , who summoned his armies to Caesarea and had them proclaim him emperor in early summer . As Phokas ' army advanced across Asia Minor on Constantinople , Marianos then tried to stage a coup in Constantinople with men of the Macedonian regiments and armed prisoners of war . This move was opposed by the populace , however , resulting in clashes in the streets . The populace became especially enraged when Marianos tried to forcibly remove the Phokades ' elderly father , Bardas , from the Hagia Sophia where he had sought sanctuary , on 15 August .
Also in the division was the XI Mechanized Infantry Brigade , which included the 6th Saboya Motorized Infantry Regiment , the 55th Uad Ras Mechanized Infantry Regiment , the XI Self Propelled Artillery Group , the XI Engineering Battalion and the XI Logistics Group . Finally , the division also made use of the XII Armored Brigade , which was formed by the 61st Alcázar de Toledo Armored Infantry Regiment , the 31st Asturias Mechanized Infantry Regiment , the XII Self Propelled Artillery Group , the XII Engineering Battalion and the XII Logistics Group . The majority of the division 's armor was located in the Alcázar de Toledo Armored Infantry Regiment , which contained two regiments of 48 M48s and 54 M47s , respectively .
Jimmy Vee , " a faithful friend of the show " , was recalled to the part of the Graske he first portrayed in the interactive episode " Attack of the Graske " . Murray Gold composed music especially for this short episode . Gold 's Series 4 arrangement of the Doctor Who theme tune is used for the title sequence , and Ron Grainer and Delia Derbyshire 's original version of the Doctor Who theme tune is played over the end credits . The episode premièred at the Royal Albert Hall before the interval of the Doctor Who Prom on Sunday 27 July 2008 and could be heard simultaneously on BBC Radio 3 .
When the trading deadline was over , the Raptors became the youngest team in the league with an average age of 24.6 . They had five rookies on their roster , including the 18 year old Tracy McGrady , who at the time was the youngest player in the NBA . The inexperienced Raptors struggled throughout the season and their regular season record regressed to 16 – 66 . On February 12 , 1998 , Maple Leaf Gardens Ltd . , the owners of the Toronto Maple Leafs , purchased 100 % of the Raptors and the arena the team was building , Air Canada Centre , from Slaight and the Bank of Nova Scotia .
The road heads southeast into Salem County as an eight lane freeway maintained by the Delaware River and Bay Authority that passes through industrial areas . I 295 / US 40 interchanges with the southern terminus of US 130 and the western terminus of Route 49 , where I 295 splits from US 40 by turning northeast on a freeway that soon overlaps CR 551 briefly while US 40 follows the four lane New Jersey Turnpike and continues east on it for a short distance , entering Carneys Point Township . US 40 splits from the New Jersey Turnpike at the last exit before the toll barrier , the same point where Route 140 heads west and CR 540 heads to the east .
Kogălniceanu joined other National Liberals in expressing opposition to the trade convention Catargiu had signed with Austria Hungary , which was advantageous to the latter 's exports , and which , they claimed , was leading Romanian industry to ruin . He accepted it while in office , but looked into adopting European like patent laws , as a measure of encouraging local industries . A National Liberal government would repeal the agreement in 1886 . Serving as Foreign Affairs Minister in the Ion Brătianu cabinet ( spring summer 1876 , and again from April 1877 to November 1878 ) , Mihail Kogălniceanu was responsible for Romania entering the War of 1877 – 1878 on the Russian side , which led the country to proclaim its independence ( see Romanian War of Independence ) .
Lyrically it talks explicitly about oral sex and cunnilingus through heavy innuendo in line with Beyoncé 's sexual tone . It received positive reviews by music critics who hailed it as an old school album standout . Its variety of musical genres and production were also praised as well as Beyoncé 's vocal performance . Due to several promotional remixes of the song , " Blow " managed to peak at number one on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart without an official release as a single . An accompanying music video for the song was directed by Hype Williams and released on the album on December 13 , 2013 .
In his memoirs he also heavily criticised the commanding officers of the division , whose " military prowess and punctuality in carrying out orders was little more than irony " . Other post war authors argued that on August 13 , when the first Russian forces appeared in front of Radzymin , the 1st Army had more than enough time to reinforce the weak Polish forces there . Instead , it took several days to recapture what could have been held from the start . Despite the lack of strategic flair in the Polish defence of Radzymin , it was one of the cornerstones of the overall success in the Battle of Warsaw .
The album features guest appearances from fellow American rappers King Chip , Kendrick Lamar , Too Short , RZA and ASAP Rocky as well as appearances from American singer songwriters Father John Misty and Michael Bolton along with indie rock band Haim . During the early release of Indicud , it was preceded by four singles – " Just What I Am " featuring King Chip , " King Wizard " , " Immortal " and " Girls " featuring Too Short . Indicud debuted at number 2 in the United States . With sales of 139,000 copies and debuted at number 32 on the UK Albums Chart , becoming Cudi 's highest charting album on the chart , while entering at number 2 on the UK R & B Chart .
In addition to showing Arts Club productions , the theatre is rented out for other purposes , including business and educational presentations , and has been used for comedy acts and concerts , such as Lorne Elliott , Francis Cabrel , and RyanDan . By 2005 du Maurier had withdrawn as a sponsor and , along with its over budget renovation costs , the Stanley was left with a $ 2 million mortgage . That year Industrial Alliance Pacific Life Insurance Company made a $ 1.5 million donation , and on April 5 the theatre was renamed the Stanley Industrial Alliance Stage for the next twenty years .
( Toronto : Auxiliary Bible Society , 1835 ) . Discipline of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Canada . Translated by Peter Jones , Indian Missionary . ( Toronto : 1835 ) . NUgUmouinUn genUnUgUmouat igiu anishinabeg anUmiajig . ( Boston : Printed for the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions by Crocker & Brewster , 1836 ) . A Collection of Chippeway and English Hymns , for the use of the Native Indians . Translated by Peter Jones , Indian Missionary . To which are added a Few Hymns translated by the Rev. James Evans and George Henry .
E. angustifolium is protogynous . Sexual reproduction in Eriophorum angustifolium begins with flowering in spring or early summer ( in or around May ) , when groups of 3 – 5 brown flowers are produced . Fertilisation usually takes place in May or June , via anemophily ( wind pollination ) , and the white bristle like perianth , composed of achenes with pappi ( seeds with hairs ) then grows outwards to appear like short tufts of cotton thread . These pappi endure well into summer , lasting from around June to September . Like the pappus of Taraxacum ( dandelions ) , this aids in wind dispersal , and also serves as thermal insulation , conserving the temperature of the plant 's reproductive organs by trapping solar radiation .
It contained two alternatives , each envisioning a prominent role for himself as commander . The first would use 80,000 men to invade Virginia through the Kanawha Valley toward Richmond . The second would use the same force to drive south instead , crossing the Ohio River into Kentucky and Tennessee . Scott rejected both plans as logistically infeasible . Although he complimented McClellan and expressed his " great confidence in your intelligence , zeal , science , and energy " , he replied by letter that the 80,000 men would be better used on a river based expedition to control the Mississippi River and split the Confederacy , accompanied by a strong Union blockade of Southern ports .
It was released in the United States on 1 September 1998 by Scholastic — the American publisher of the books — as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , after Rowling had received US $ 105,000 for the American rights — an unprecedented amount for a children 's book by a then unknown author . The second book , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was originally published in the UK on 2 July 1998 , and in the US on 2 June 1999 . Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was then published a year later in the UK on 8 July 1999 , and in the US on 8 September 1999 .
It did , however , criticise some police procedures and practices . The review did not comment on the discrepancies between Webster 's confession and the forensic evidence , and it did not clarify whether forensic evidence was ever sent for testing . A representative for the Commission refused to comment on whether Wilson 's blood stained shirt was ever tested . One expert opinion obtained by the Commission wrote that it was " likely [ Webster ] engaged in sexual behaviour which demeaned Leigh and to which he will never admit because he is ashamed and embarrassed " , and another said that a finger or penis was unlikely to have caused Leigh 's severe genital damage .
I said , ' OK , you 've seen Thor and Loki be antagonistic for two films now . It would be amazing to see them fight side by side . I 've been the bad guy now twice , so I can 't be again , or otherwise I shouldn 't be in the film . So we have to find a new role for me to play . " Anthony Hopkins as Odin : The king of Asgard , father of Thor , and adoptive father of Loki , based on the deity of the same name , who disapproves of Jane Foster being in Asgard .
Meanwhile , after a failed mutiny aboard the Queen Anne 's Revenge , Jack is forced to guide the crew to the Fountain . Blackbeard seeks the Fountain 's power to circumvent his predestined fatal encounter with a " one legged man " , who happened to be Barbossa . Jack must find two silver chalices aboard Juan Ponce de León 's missing flagship , the Santiago . The Fountain 's water must simultaneously be drunk by two people from the chalices . Drinking from one chalice containing a mermaid 's tear will extend life ; the second person dies , their remaining years of life transferred to the other drinker .
The women 's team , skippered by 19 year old Eve Muirhead , entered the tournament ranked seventh in the world and beat world champions China in their opening match , but won just two of their remaining eight games to finish seventh in the group and miss out on the semifinals . Men 's team Lockerbie CC ( curling club ) , Lockerbie Skip : David Murdoch Third : Ewan MacDonald Second : Peter Smith Lead : Euan Byers Alternate : Graeme Connal Results Round robin Tie breaker Having finished level with Sweden with five wins Great Britain faced a single match tie breaker to decide who advanced to the semifinals .
Like other animals with thick body walls , they use fluid circulation rather than diffusion to move substances through their bodies . The circulatory system consists of the rhynchocoel and peripheral vessels , while blood of other invertebrates is contained in the main body cavity . The fluid in the rhynchocoel moves substances to and from the proboscis , and functions as a fluid skeleton in everting the proboscis and in burrowing . The vessels circulate fluid round the whole body and the rhynchocoel provides its own local circulation . The circulatory vessels are a system of coeloms . In the simplest type of circulatory system , two lateral vessels are joined at the ends to form a loop .
" The Way You Make Me Feel " became the album 's third consecutive single to peak at number one on Billboard 's Hot 100 . The song primarily charted within the top ten and twenty internationally . " Man in the Mirror " then charted at number one on Billboard 's Hot 100 in March 1988 and charted at number four , eight and ten in New Zealand , Australia and Austria . On July 2 , 1988 , " Dirty Diana " became the fifth consecutive , and final , single to peak at number one on the Hot 100 .
One person was killed in Mauritius . After passing Mauritius , Firinga struck Réunion early on January 29 with wind gusts as strong as 216 km / h ( 134 mph ) . The storm dropped torrential rainfall in the southern portion of the island , including 24 ‑ hour totals of 1,309 mm ( 51.5 in ) at Pas de Bellecombe and 1,199 mm ( 47.2 in ) at Casabois , both of which set records for the locations . The rains caused widespread river flooding and resulted in 32 mudslides . Firinga isolated several towns due to flooding and left power and water outages .
Along with large numbers of regular artillery pieces , super heavy 600 mm ( 24 in ) Karl Gerät mortars and the 800 mm ( 31 in ) " Dora " railway gun were brought in for the assault . A furious barrage began on the morning of 2 June 1942 . All of the resources of the Luftwaffe 's Luftflotte 4 , commanded by Wolfram von Richthofen , were committed ; the barrage continued for five days before the ground assault began . The 11th Army gained ground during mid June , focusing their attention on the northern approaches to the city .
" The first segment , " The Devil and Homer Simpson " , was written by Daniels and McGrath . The first time Devil Flanders appears , he looks the same as the devil Chernabog from the 1940 Walt Disney produced film Fantasia ; Silverman particularly admired the animation in that sequence . Oakley loved the idea of Flanders being the Devil because he is the one you would least expect . He also thought Harry Shearer did a good job of playing Flanders in a much darker way , while remaining very true to the character . Many scenes had to be cut to shorten the segment , including one that showed Homer 's severed head being used as a bowling ball by a demon in hell .
Similar treaties were also imposed on Greece and Entente allied Romania in exchange for their territorial enlargement , and on some of the nations defeated in the First World War ( Hungary , Austria , Bulgaria , Turkey ) . At the same time , Albania , Lithuania , Estonia , Latvia and , outside of Europe , Iraq were persuaded to accept minority obligations as part of the terms of their admission to the League of Nations . The Polish treaty ( signed in June 1919 , as the first of the Minority Treaties , and serving as the template for the subsequent ones ) is often referred to as either the Little Treaty of Versailles or the Polish Minority Treaty ; the Austrian , Czechoslovak and Yugoslavian treaties are referred to as Treaty of St Germain en Laye ( 1919 ) ; the Romanian treaty as the Treaty of Paris ( 1919 ) , the Greek as the Treaty of Sèvres ( 1920 ) ; the Hungarian as the Treaty of Trianon ( 1920 ) , the Bulgarian as the Treaty of Neuilly sur Seine ( 1919 ) , and the Turkish as the Treaty of Lausanne ( 1923 ) .
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on October 3 , 1997 . The episode was written by Chip Johannessen and directed by Thomas J. Wright . " Sense and Antisense " featured guest appearances from Clarence Williams III and Ricky Harris . Millennium centers on offender profiler Frank Black ( Lance Henriksen ) , who investigates unusual crimes as part of the private investigative organisation the Millennium Group . In this episode , Black aids in the search for a man who is supposedly carrying a highly contagious virus and discovers the secret behind the Human Genome Project .
On the northeast bank of the creek , NY 175 turns east onto West Kennedy Street , a short connector between the creek and US 11 . The route continues for three more blocks along the mostly residential street to US 11 , where the east end of West Kennedy Street also marks the east end of NY 175 . The section of NY 175 from downtown Marcellus to NY 173 in Onondaga was built along the historical Seneca Turnpike . The turnpike was originally the Genesee Road which began in the city of Utica and ended in the city of Canandaigua .
His area of advocacy ( he was counsel for the defence in 83 % of his cases ) and style is considered key by Beattie in establishing the " new school " of advocacy ; his aggressive style in defence set a new style for advocates to follow that assisted in counteracting a legal system biased against the defendant . While he was not the sole cause of this reform , his position at the head of the Bar meant that he served as a highly visible example for new barristers to take after . In some ways Garrow was far ahead of his time ; he coined the phrase " innocent until proven guilty " in 1791 , although the jury refused to accept this principle and it was not confirmed by the courts until much later .
Before they had departed , their orders were changed and they were sent to China aboard the USS Solace to help put down the Boxer Rebellion . Once in China , Butler was initially deployed at Tientsin . He took part in the Battle of Tientsin on July 13 , 1900 and in the subsequent Gaselee Expedition , during which he saw the mutilated remains of Japanese soldiers . When he saw another Marine officer fall wounded , he climbed out of a trench to rescue him . Butler was then himself shot in the thigh . Another Marine helped him get to safety , but also was shot .
In the last three hours of the Test , Armstrong decided to rest his key bowlers and allowed his part time bowlers to rotate as they pleased and fielders to configure themselves . During this time , Armstrong picked up a newspaper that had been blown across the field and began to read . When asked about this later , Armstrong was said to have replied , " I wanted to see who we were playing " , although this is claimed to be apocryphal . The Australians drew the Test and won the series three – nil , however they could not maintain their unbeaten record , losing by 28 runs to an English XI at Eastbourne and again to C. I. Thornton 's XI at Scarborough .
In the 1950s , the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made it freely available to scientists ; this gesture helped ribonuclease A become a major target for biochemical study for the following decades . Linus Pauling is credited with the successful prediction of regular protein secondary structures based on hydrogen bonding , an idea first put forth by William Astbury in 1933 . Later work by Walter Kauzmann on denaturation , based partly on previous studies by Kaj Linderstrøm Lang , contributed an understanding of protein folding and structure mediated by hydrophobic interactions .
In Costa Rica , the Ballena Marine National Park is designed for humpback protection . Areas where population data are limited and the species may be at higher risk include the Arabian Sea , the western North Pacific Ocean , the west coast of Africa and parts of Oceania . The species was listed as vulnerable in 1996 and endangered as recently as 1988 . Most monitored stocks have rebounded since the end of commercial whaling . In the North Atlantic stocks are believed to be approaching prehunting levels . However , the species is considered endangered in some countries , including the United States .
It was intended that the battery could remain under siege for up to three months , with sufficient rations and generator fuel kept on site for this event ; the water supply came from an aquifer and could not be interrupted . It was a remarkable structure , and it featured prominently in propaganda of the time … Just after midnight on 6 June , the 9th Parachute Battalion 's advance party landed with the brigade 's pathfinders , and reached the battalion assembly area without any problems . While some men remained to mark out the company positions , the battalion 's second in command , Major George Smith , and a reconnaissance party left to scout the battery .
Goodman is best remembered today for having created the Order of the Arrow ( OA ) , a popular and highly successful program of the BSA that continues to honor Scouts for their cheerful service . Since its founding in 1915 , the Order of the Arrow has grown to become a nationwide program having thousands of members , which recognizes those Scouts who best exemplify the virtues of cheerful service , camping , and leadership by membership in BSA 's honor society . As of 2007 , the Order of the Arrow has more than 183,000 members . Goodman was born and raised in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where his father , George , was a printer and real estate agent .
As the Supreme Commander in Chief of the Belarusian Armed Forces , the President has the duty to protect the Belarusian territory from internal and external forces . The president can call for a state of emergency in the following cases : natural disasters , a catastrophe , or unrest involving violence or the threat of violence . Regardless if the declaration affects the entire country or sections of it , the Council of the Republic must be notified by the President and must seek their approval within three days of notification . The same rules applies if the President issues a state of martial law in the event of a possible military action against Belarus .
M 28 was expanded eastward to the Sault Ste . Marie area in the late 1920s . The western end has been expanded twice to different locations on the Wisconsin state line . Other changes along the routing have led to the creation of three different business loops at various times , with one still extant . Future changes , proposed by Marquette County but not accepted by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) , could see M 28 rerouted over County Road 480 ( CR 480 ) . M 28 is a major highway for Michigan and Canadian traffic along the south shore of Lake Superior .
Abigail Adams , on the other hand , vocally opposed slavery . Throughout his lifetime Adams expressed controversial and shifting views regarding the virtues of monarchical and hereditary political institutions . At times he conveyed substantial support for these approaches , suggesting for example that " hereditary monarchy or aristocracy " are the " only institutions that can possibly preserve the laws and liberties of the people . " Yet at other times he distanced himself from such ideas , calling himself " a mortal and irreconcilable enemy to Monarchy " and " no friend to hereditary limited monarchy in America .
Diarmuid Marsden was controversially sent off in the second half following an off the ball incident , leaving Armagh with only fourteen players . Marsden had been arguing with Conor Gormley when he was approached by Philip Jordan . Marsden raised his arm and made contact with Jordan , who fell to the ground . Some commentators claimed Jordan was feigning injury to get his opponent sent off . Armagh managed to stay within two points of Tyrone at times but were ultimately unable to catch Tyrone . At the final whistle , Tyrone fans invaded the pitch and remained there for an hour .
While insects and the coconut crab originate from different paths , the same need to detect smells in the air led to the development of remarkably similar organs . Coconut crabs flick their antennae as insects do to enhance their reception . They have an excellent sense of smell and can detect interesting odours over large distances . The smells of rotting meat , bananas , and coconuts , all potential food sources , catch their attention especially . Research has shown that the olfactory system in the coconut crab 's brain is well developed compared to other areas of the brain .
Israeli Phantoms saw extensive combat during Arab – Israeli conflicts , first seeing action during the War of Attrition . In the 1980s , Israel began the " Kurnass 2000 " modernization program which significantly updated avionics . The last Israeli F 4s were retired in 2004 . From 1968 , the Japan Air Self Defense Force purchased a total of 140 F 4EJ Phantoms without aerial refueling , Bullpup ASM system , nuclear control system and ground attack capabilities . Mitsubishi built 138 under license in Japan and 14 unarmed reconnaissance RF 4Es were imported . Of these , 96 F 4EJs have since been modified to the F 4EJ Kai ( 改 , modified ) standard .
The outer surface may be partially covered with small flakelike patches of tissue . When viewed with a magnifying glass , the " hairs " ( fungal hyphae ) making up the outer velvety surface are variable in length , and are thick walled , blunt , and appear to wind from side to side ( flexuous ) . The ascocarp is connected to a stalk that is typically 3 – 4 cm ( 1.2 – 1.6 in ) long by 0.4 – 0.8 cm ( 0.2 – 0.3 in ) thick , with black mycelia at its base . The spores are ellipsoid or sausage shaped ( allantoid ) , smooth , and thin walled .
The split would ultimately prove acrimonious as Kohlberg sued Kravis and Roberts for what he alleged were improper business tactics . The case was later settled out of court . Instead , Kohlberg chose to return to his roots , acquiring smaller , middle market companies and in 1987 , he would found a new private equity firm Kohlberg & Company along with his son James A. Kohlberg , at the time a KKR executive . Jerome Kohlberg would continue investing successfully for another seven years before retiring from Kohlberg & Company in 1994 and turning his firm over to his son .
The asymmetrical caudal fin has a well developed lower lobe and a longer upper lobe with a ventral notch near the tip . The skin is densely covered by overlapping dermal denticles , each bearing three to five horizontal ridges leading to marginal teeth . This species is bronze to brownish gray above and pale below , and lacks an obvious lighter band on the flanks . Rarely , individuals may be light bluish gray above . It may reach 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) in length , though 1.0 – 1.3 m ( 3.3 – 4.3 ft ) is typical .
She saw service in the American Revolutionary , French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , and fought in many of the major naval battles of those conflicts . She is remembered as being Nelson 's favourite ship , and was named after the mythical ancient Greek king Agamemnon , being the first ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name . The future Lord Nelson served as Agamemnon 's captain from January 1793 for 3 years and 3 months , during which time she saw considerable service in the Mediterranean . After Nelson 's departure , she was involved in the infamous 1797 mutinies at Spithead and the Nore , and in 1801 was present at the first Battle of Copenhagen , but ran aground before being able to enter the action .
That is the operative principle in all capitalist countries ... One thing is for sure : Current prices [ roughly US $ 60 / bbl ] do not support all producers . A year later , when OPEC met in Vienna on 4 December 2015 , the organization had exceeded its production ceiling for 18 consecutive months , US oil production had declined only slightly from its peak , world markets appeared to be oversupplied by at least 2 million barrels per day despite Libya producing 1 million barrels below capacity , oil producers were making major adjustments to withstand prices as low as the $ 40s , Indonesia was rejoining the export organization , Iraqi production had surged after years of disorder , Iranian output was poised to rebound with the lifting of international sanctions , hundreds of world leaders at the Paris Agreement were committing to limit carbon emissions from fossil fuels , and solar technologies were becoming steadily more competitive and prevalent .
Group D , finally , was tasked with advancing south from its landing point to close off an escape route that ran between the sea and an inland lagoon towards the city of Hué . Landing at 04 : 30 , the group made quick progress through the beach and dunes , secured the small city of Thé Chi Dong and hit the north coast of the lagoon by 05 : 30 , thereby sealing off that escape route with no enemy contact . The final act of sealing the noose was to move some of the French Navy vessels north to the Vietnamese villages of Ba Lang and An Hoi where any attempt by Regiment 95 to flee by sea would have taken place .
The thermal wind is the difference in the geostrophic wind between two levels in the atmosphere . It exists only in an atmosphere with horizontal temperature gradients . The ageostrophic wind component is the difference between actual and geostrophic wind , which is responsible for air " filling up " cyclones over time . The gradient wind is similar to the geostrophic wind but also includes centrifugal force ( or centripetal acceleration ) . Wind direction is usually expressed in terms of the direction from which it originates . For example , a northerly wind blows from the north to the south .
As scholar Marcia Ann Gillespie writes , Angelou had " fallen in love with poetry " during her early childhood in Stamps , Arkansas . After her rape at the age of eight , which she depicted in Caged Bird , Angelou memorized and studied great works of literature , including poetry . According to Caged Bird , her friend Mrs. Flowers encouraged her to recite them , which helped bring her out her self imposed period of muteness caused by her trauma . Angelou was the first poet to read an inaugural poem since Robert Frost read his poem " The Gift Outright " at President John F. Kennedy 's inauguration in 1961 , and the first Black and woman .
" Warner Bros. reacted to de Havilland 's lawsuit by circulating a letter to other studios that had the effect of a " virtual blacklisting " . As a consequence , de Havilland did not work at a film studio for nearly two years . De Havilland became a naturalized citizen of the United States on November 28 , 1941 . During the war years , she actively sought out ways to express her patriotism and contribute to the war effort . In May 1942 she joined the Hollywood Victory Caravan , a three week train tour of the country that raised money through the sale of war bonds .
In that battle the 198th Tank Battalion failed to reach the battle on time because its tank crews struggled to navigate their tank equipment through the rough local terrain . However , as soon as the PT 76 tanks of the 198th Tank Battalion turned up at Bane Houei Sane , the Laotian soldiers and their families panicked and retreated into South Vietnam . After Bane Houei Sane was captured , the 24th Regiment prepared for another attack which targeted the U.S. Special Forces Camp at Lang Vei , manned by Detachment A 101 of the 5th Special Forces Group .
He said the issue of Ukrainian membership of NATO might " emerge at some point , but we will not see it in the immediate future . " While visiting Brussels in March 2010 , he further stated that there would be no change to Ukraine 's status as a member of the alliance 's outreach programme . He later reiterated during a trip to Moscow that Ukraine would remain a " European , non aligned state . " Then , on 3 June 2010 the Ukrainian parliament voted to exclude the goal of " integration into Euro Atlantic security and NATO membership " from the country 's national security strategy in a bill drafted by Yanukovych himself .
The game is depicted in flat , plain colors , with no pause feature and no option menu other than Game Center achievements . Players navigate between puzzles using three small onscreen icons . There are no in app purchases or in game advertisements . Blek was built for iOS by brothers Denis and Davor Mikan . While both had coding experience , neither were game developers by trade . This was their first game together as Kunabi Brother . Denis had published short stories and a novel , and Davor released music on a Crónica Electrónica . Davor previously made Flash games and developed the idea for Blek from this experience .
On 12 May , Brilliant was sailed for Freetown , Sierra Leone where she served as a local escort and searched for German blockade runners and supply ships until returning home in April 1942 for a refit at Chatham . On 4 and 5 June , the ship , together with the light cruiser London , intercepted the oil tankers SS Esso Hamburg and SS Egerland , respectively . Both ships scuttled themselves to prevent their capture . Brilliant became leader of the 18th Destroyer Flotilla in August . After the refit , the ship escorted a convoy to Durban , South Africa in May 1942 before returning to Freetown in August .
Concurrently , a deep altitude disturbance a few hundred miles east of Bermuda began to erode the southern edge of the high pressure ridge that Fred had circumnavigated for most of its journey . This changed the steering pattern in the region , turning the depression abruptly to the north on September 6 . Over the following hours , Fred became increasingly indistinguishable as a result of its progressively worsening surroundings . It officially lost its status as a tropical cyclone at 18 : 00 UTC , degenerating into a trough , about 1,210 mi ( 1,945 km ) southwest of the Azores .
Several vanadium alloys show superconducting behavior . The first A15 phase superconductor was a vanadium compound , V3Si , which was discovered in 1952 . Vanadium gallium tape is used in superconducting magnets ( 17.5 teslas or 175,000 gauss ) . The structure of the superconducting A15 phase of V3Ga is similar to that of the more common Nb3Sn and Nb3Ti . It has been proposed that a small amount , 40 to 270 ppm , of vanadium in Wootz steel and Damascus steel significantly improved the strength of the product , though the source of the vanadium is unclear .
Critics such as the reviewer from The New York Times believed that Kubrick 's professionalism as a photographer shone through in the picture , and that he " artistically caught glimpses of the grotesque attitudes of death , the wolfishness of hungry men , as well as their bestiality , and in one scene , the wracking effect of lust on a pitifully juvenile soldier and the pinioned girl he is guarding " . Columbia University scholar Mark Van Doren was highly impressed by the scenes with the girl bound to the tree , remarking that it would live on as a " beautiful , terrifying and weird " sequence which illustrated Kubrick 's immense talent and guaranteed his future success .
The music of Nier was composed by Keiichi Okabe with members of his studio , Monaca , Kakeru Ishihama and Keigo Hoashi , and Takafumi Nishimura of Cavia . The soundtrack has inspired the release of four official albums by Square Enix — an official soundtrack album and three albums of arrangements — along with two mini albums included as pre order bonuses for the Japanese versions of the game and two licensed EPs of jazz arrangements . The original soundtrack was highly praised ; reviewers noted it as one of the best video game soundtracks of the year , praising the originality of the compositions and the beauty of Emi Evans ' vocal work .
Spang also owns an old Western ghost town , named Spectreville , restored to be his own private holiday retreat . At the hotel Bond finally receives payment through a rigged blackjack game where the dealer is Tiffany . After winning the money he is owed he disobeys his orders from Tree by continuing to gamble in the casino and wins heavily . Spang suspects that Bond may be a ' plant ' and has him captured and tortured . With Tiffany 's help he escapes from Spectreville aboard a railway push car with Seraffimo Spang in pursuit aboard an old Western train .
As a writer for The Athenaeum put it , " We think that we can fairly make out the account between the cost and results of these Arctic Expeditions , and ask whether it is worth while to risk so much for that which is so difficult of attainment , and when attained , is so worthless . " The navigation of the Northwest Passage in 1903 – 05 by Roald Amundsen with the Gjøa expedition effectively ended the centuries long quest for the Northwest Passage . For years after the loss of the Franklin Party , the Victorian media portrayed Franklin as a hero who led his men in the quest for the Northwest Passage .
At 24 , Burke was the youngest person in Chicago 's history to become a ward committeeman , a position he has held ever since . The 14th Ward Democrats slated the young Burke as the Democratic candidate in a special election called for on March 11 , 1969 to fill vacancies in City Council , including the 14th Ward . Burke faced six opponents , but won with a majority of 11,204 votes , while the next highest candidate received 1460 votes . Following the 1971 aldermanic elections , the Council approved the appointment of Burke , who was at the time a police sergeant on leave , as chairman of the Police and Fire Committee .
One suggestion is that he may have been a member of the Crovan dynasty . One man of the name is known to have been a son of Guðrøðr Óláfsson , although nothing more is known of him , and it is unlikely that a man born before 1187 would have been active in 1249 . The chronicle makes no mention of the knight 's ancestry , and this may be evidence that he was not related to the Crovan dynasty in any meaningful way . It is likely that he is identical to the " domino Yuor ' de Mann " ( " Lord Ívarr of Mann " ) who is recorded in one of Haraldr Óláfsson 's charters of 1246 .
The enlarged claw is equally likely to be on the right side or the left side . The male 's larger claw is thought to be used in agonistic encounters or during mating , and may be the result of sexual selection . Eggs are laid in spring or early summer , and the larvae hatch in summer , living as plankton . They settle to the sea floor again as post larvae in the late summer and fall . N. californiensis was originally described in 1854 by James Dwight Dana as a member of the genus Callianassa , giving the type locality as " California " ; the material Dana studied was probably collected from San Francisco Bay or Monterey , but the original specimens have since been lost .
In any case , by June his fellow officers had made up their mind as to the next president . After talks with unionists , civil servants , and academics , they " entrust [ ed ] the reins of power to Émile Derlin Zinsou for at least five years " , who was " charged to form a government of national union " , as per a June 28 newspaper article by the state press . On July 17 , Alley handed power to Zinsou , a veteran politician . After Alley was retired from the presidency , he was purged from combat in the army and was assigned the new post of military attaché in Washington , D.C , an appointment he refused to accept .
" Writing for the San Francisco Chronicle , Terrence O 'Flaherty labeled the documentary " a dreadful little program ... deadly for everyone it touches " . Nationally , a spokesperson for the National Gay Task Force condemned the documentary for its premise of gays wanting political power for purposes of having sex in public , for ignoring lesbians and for failing to address issues of anti gay discrimination . " Gay Power , Gay Politics " has also been criticized for its negative portrayal of the BDSM sub culture . CBS used BDSM to discredit the LGBT community by implying that an increase in gay political power would correspond with an increase in BDSM and BDSM related deaths .
After Baghdad , in 1260 the Mongols with their Christian subjects conquered Muslim Syria , domain of the Ayyubid dynasty . They took together the city of Aleppo in January , and in March , the Mongols with the Armenians and the Franks of Antioch took Damascus , under the Christian Mongol general Kitbuqa . With both the Abbasid and Ayyubid dynasties destroyed , the Near East , as described by historian Steven Runciman , " was never again to dominate civilization . " The last Ayyubid sultan An Nasir Yusuf died shortly thereafter , and with the Islamic power centers of Baghdad and Damascus gone , the center of Islamic power transferred to the Egyptian Mamluks in Cairo .
During a routine liposuction operation in Chicago , Dr. Harrison Lloyd ( John Juliani ) suddenly begins to violently remove such large amounts of fat from a patient that the patient dies . Following the unusual experience , Lloyd tells Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) that he killed the patient due to being spiritually possessed . Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) is skeptical about Lloyd 's claims , believing he 's only making it up to escape legal consequences . Mulder inspects the operation room and discovers pentagrams burned into the floor , suspecting witchcraft as the cause .
Over 1,000,000 orders had been placed for 32X units , but Sega had only managed to ship 600,000 units by January 1995 . Launching at about the same price as a Genesis console , the price of the 32X was less than half of what the Saturn 's price would be at launch . Despite Sega 's initial promises , only four titles were available at its North American launch ; Doom , Star Wars Arcade , Virtua Racing Deluxe , and Cosmic Carnage . Games were available at a retail price of $ 69.95 . Advertising for the system included images of the 32X being connected to a Genesis console to create an " arcade system " .
The player controls the young mercenary Edge , who flies a powerful dragon . Gameplay is divided into three modes : traversing large areas on the dragon , battling enemies , and exploring on foot . The game uses a random encounter system , whereby battles are triggered randomly as the player flies . Movement is not " on rails " , and the player can explore the 3D environments in all directions . A targeting reticle is used to interact with locks , doors , and other elements ; on the dragon , this can also be used to fire lasers to activate triggers or break objects .
Harvey Postlethwaite , who was hired by Ferrari to design the follow on and much more successful 126C2 that won the Constructors ' Championship in 1982 , later commented on the 126C : " That car ... had literally one quarter of the downforce that , say Williams or Brabham had . It had a power advantage over the Cosworths for sure , but it also had massive throttle lag at that time . In terms of sheer ability I think Gilles was on a different plane to the other drivers . To win those races , the 1981 GPs at Monaco and Jarama — on tight circuits — was quite out of this world .
Take That , Westlife and JLS all performed on the sixth results show , and Olly Murs performed on the seventh . Week eight featured performances from Justin Bieber , The Wanted and Nicole Scherzinger . The cast of Glee performed on the semi final on 5 December , along with Alexandra Burke and The Black Eyed Peas . Rihanna performed again in the first show of the final , and Christina Aguilera also performed . Take That performed again in the second show of the final . The final took place on 11 and 12 December , with each episode lasting two hours .
The Headquarters Section used a sequence of letters arranged in a square ( see photo of " Louise " ) . The Rhodesian ' S ' Patrol vehicles had names with a Rhodesian connection ( such as ' Salisbury ' ) painted on the left side of the vehicles ' bonnets . By 1943 the practice of naming replacement vehicles was dropped . The LRDG vehicles were mainly two wheel drive , chosen because they were lighter and used less fuel than four wheel drive . They were stripped of all non essentials , including doors , windscreens and roofs .
There , however , Keldorf was sacked for a three yard loss . After the sack , Keldorf completed a 21 yard pass to Crumpler for a first down at the 13 yard line . Keldorf then attempted to scramble for a gain , but was stopped for no gain . That play was the final one of the quarter , which ended with North Carolina still in possession of a firm lead , 28 – 3 . The fourth quarter began with North Carolina in possession of the ball and facing a second down and 11 on the Tech 14 yard line .
Sport England wished to avoid creating a white elephant , so they insisted that the City Council agree to undertake and fund extensive work to convert CoMS from a track and field arena to a football stadium , thereby ensuring its long term financial viability . Sport England hoped either Manchester City Council or Manchester City F.C. would provide the extra £ 50 million required to convert the stadium to a 65,000 seater athletics and footballing venue with movable seating . However , Manchester City Council did not have the money to facilitate movable seating and Manchester City were lukewarm about the idea .
The division spent most of 1915 dispersed , with the majority located across North Wales with units training at Pwllheli , Colwyn Bay , Llandudno and Rhyl , although some units were based in the south at Abergavenny . At these locations , the men undertook basic training , were drilled and trained for open warfare . On 19 August , the division moved to Winchester , England , where it assembled for the first time as a division . Final training took place and limited instruction was given on tactics to employ during trench warfare ( the assumption being that practical experience would be easier to gain in France ) .
Also , it allows Newtonian versions of exact solutions such as the Friedmann – Lemaître models or the Gödel universe to be constructed . Since its inception , ideas Ehlers introduced in the context of his frame theory have found important applications in the study of both the Newtonian limit of general relativity and of the Post Newtonian expansion , where Newtonian gravity is complemented by terms of ever higher order in <formula> in order to accommodate relativistic effects . General relativity is non linear : the gravitational influence of two masses is not simply the sum of those masses ' individual gravitational influences , as had been the case in Newtonian gravity .
As British forces on the southeast coast of Britain regrouped , remanned and repaired following heavy losses at Zeebrugge , Keyes planned a return to Ostend with the intention of blocking the canal and consequently severing Bruges from the sea , closing the harbour and trapping the 18 U boats and 25 destroyers present for months to come . Volunteers from among the force that had failed in April aided the planning with advice based on their experience on the previous operation . Among these volunteers were Lieutenant Commander Henry Hardy of HMS Sirius , Commander Alfred Godsal , former captain of HMS Brilliant , and Brilliant 's first lieutenant Victor Crutchley .
Seaborg 's theoretical development of the actinide concept resulted in a redrawing of the Periodic Table of the Elements into its current configuration with the actinide series appearing below the lanthanide series . Seaborg developed the chemical elements americium and curium while in Chicago . He managed to secure patents for both elements . His patent on curium never proved commercially viable because of the element 's short half life , but americium is commonly used in household smoke detectors and thus provided a good source of royalty income to Seaborg in later years . Prior to the test of the first nuclear weapon , Seaborg joined with several other leading scientists in a written statement known as the Franck Report ( secret at the time but since published ) unsuccessfully calling on President Truman to conduct a public demonstration of the atomic bomb witnessed by the Japanese .
Lashly described the dry valley as " a splendid place for growing spuds " . The party reached Discovery on 24 December , after a round trip of seven hundred miles covered in 59 days . Their daily average of over 14 miles on this man hauling journey was significantly better than that achieved with dogs on the previous season 's southern journey , a fact which further strengthened Scott 's prejudices against dogs . Polar historian David Crane calls the western journey " one of the great journeys of polar history " . Several other journeys were completed during Scott 's absence .
At the eastern fringe of Batavia , NY 33 splits in a northeast direction from NY 5 , becoming Clinton Street , and , once outside the city limits , Clinton Street Road . In the town of Batavia , the highway passes through a residential area on its way to a junction with Batavia – Stafford Town Line Road , a county road providing access to Genesee Community College , located about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) to the north of NY 33 . The route continues on a northeastward course into the town of Stafford , where it crosses over the CSX Transportation owned Rochester Subdivision railroad line and the Thruway by way of overpasses less than 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) apart .
A version for PlayStation Vita , titled Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus , was released in North America and Europe on February 22 , 2012 . Ninja Gaiden was released to much critical acclaim . Greg Kasavin of GameSpot called it " one of the best most challenging action adventure games ever made " , and IGN 's Erik Brudvig said that it " sets a new standard for third person action games in terms of length , depth , speed , and gore . " Electronic Gaming Monthly ( EGM ) called it " an unmissable instant classic " , and declared that " no Xbox should go without [ Ninja ] Gaiden .
There is limited agricultural activity within the town limits . The secondary sector involves manufacturing and construction , whose growth has remained stable over the decades . There are a number of oil mills , rice mills and agro based industries within the Tiruvannamalai town limits . The tertiary sector activities of trade , commerce , transport , storage , communication and other services has been increasing due to the increasing number of tourists to the town . The patronage to Girivalam has increased informal economic activities around the town . The major commercial activities are concentrated around Car Street , Thiruvoodal Street , Kadambarayan Street , Asaliamman Koil Street , Sivanpada Street and Polur Road .
While the initial reason for her being there was to look at some clothing for him , she was determined to appear on the album . While at the studio , she purposely hummed loud enough for West to hear her . West was impressed by her singing ability and by the fact she was signed to producer Pharrell Williams , and asked her to do backing vocals on the album . On the recording process of the song , she commented : " So then he tells me to do ' Dark Fantasy . ' At the time it was pretty empty , just verses .
On 15 December 2009 the British government announced its Future Helicopter Strategy including the purchase of 24 new build Chinooks , 22 to expand the force and two to replace losses in Afghanistan , to be delivered to the Royal Air Force from 2012 . The number of additional Chinooks was cut to 12 with the October 2010 defence review , however . This will bring the total fleet size to 60 aircraft ; as of 2009 , the RAF had 48 Chinooks in inventory . Chinook HC Mk1 New build aircraft for the RAF based on the CH 47C , 41 built .
The party encountered thousands of birds near the Shark River , " killing hundreds , but they continued to return " . Willoughby pointed out that much of the rest of the country had been mapped and explored except for this part of Florida , writing , " ( w ) e have a tract of land one hundred and thirty miles long and seventy miles wide that is as much unknown to the white man as the heart of Africa . " As early as 1837 , a visitor to the Everglades suggested the value of the land without the water : Could it be drained by deepening the natural outlets ?
IGN similarly praised it as one of the top ten most influential games of all time . Subsequent games that follow this formula of driving and shooting in a free roaming level have been called Grand Theft Auto clones . Other critics , however , likened Grand Theft Auto III to The Legend of Zelda and Metroid , as well as Shenmue in particular , and noted how GTA III had combined elements from previous games and fused them together into a new immersive experience . For instance , radio stations had been implemented earlier in games such as Sega 's Out Run ( 1986 ) and Maxis ' SimCopter ( 1996 ) , open ended missions based on operating a taxi cab in a sandbox environment were the basis for Sega 's Crazy Taxi ( 1999 ) , the ability to kill non player characters dated back to action role playing games like Hydlide II ( 1985 ) , and Final Fantasy Adventure ( 1991 ) , and the way in which players run over pedestrians and get chased by police has been compared to Pac Man ( 1980 ) .
In November 2010 , Billboard released its " Top 50 R & B / Hip Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years " list and ranked her at number five . She ranks as the top artist on the chart with 15 number ones in the past twenty five years , garnering 27 top ten hits between 1985 and 2001 , and 33 consecutive top 40 hits from 1985 through 2004 . The most awarded artist in the history of the Billboard Music Awards with 33 wins , she is one an elite group of musical acts , such as Madonna , Aerosmith , Garth Brooks and Eric Clapton , whom Billboard credits for " redefining the landscape of popular music .
According to the Daily Mirror , Belle is Disney 's second most iconic character , describing her as a " portrait of bravery , teaching us to look beyond appearances and stand up for what we believe in . " Meanwhile , PopMatters ranked Belle Disney 's second best hero . Considered to be both a sex symbol and fashion icon , Belle has garnered accolades for both her appearance and costumes . The character was ranked 64th on UGO 's list of the most attractive female cartoon characters , while being ranked 14th on Complex 's " 25 Hottest Cartoon Women of All Time " .
Both companies were interested in producing the show with minor changes : Granada wished to produce it as one six part serial , as opposed to Davies ' plan of two three part serials ; and Home was interested in accepting the show on the condition it included a new cast of characters . He accepted Home 's offer , and the show was allocated the budget and timeslot of Maid Marian and her Merry Men , which had been put on hiatus the year before . The first three episodes of Dark Season feature three young teenagers in a contemporary secondary school , Reet ( Kate Winslet ) , Marcie ( Victoria Lambert ) , and Tom ( Ben Chandler ) , who discover a plot by the villain Mr Eldritch ( Grant Parsons ) to take over the world using school computers .
" Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star Ledger gave the film three out of four stars , saying " Fresh family fun . Although there are those slightly noxious images of rodents scampering around a kitchen , the movie doesn 't stoop to kid pandering jokes based on back talk and bodily gases . " David Ansen of Newsweek gave the film a positive review , saying " A film as rich as a sauce béarnaise , as refreshing as a raspberry sorbet , and a lot less predictable than the damn food metaphors and adjectives all us critics will churn out to describe it .
Guy Green , film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer , who won an Oscar for Great Expectations in the last category , was born at 4 Portway in Frome in 1913 . Alice Seeley Harris , pioneering documentary photographer , missionary and human rights activist , born in Frome in 1870 . Charlie Higson of The Fast Show was born in Frome in 1958 . Actor James Laurenson lives in the town . Lois Maxwell , who played Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond film series from 1962 to 1985 , lived in Frome from 1994 to 2001 . Sir Charles Oatley , developer of one of the first commercial scanning electron microscopes , was born at 5 Badcox in Frome in 1904 .
Massive fireplaces with elaborate overmantels were carved and installed , a castle in the Library and mermaids and sea monsters of the deep in his own bedroom . His brother in law , Pullan , wrote that " Chaucer and Tennyson 's poems were Mr Burges ' chief text books when engaged in designing these decorations . " In designing the medieval interior to the house , Burges also illustrated his skill as a jeweller , metalworker and designer , and produced some of his best works of furniture including the Zodiac settle , the Dog Cabinet and the Great Bookcase , the last of which Charles Handley Read described as " occupying a unique position in the history of Victorian painted furniture .
New Jersey does not consider municipal ordinances to be criminal offenses , and so open container laws cannot be enforced in federal enclaves under the Assimilative Crimes Act . Public consumption of alcohol is allowed on federal lands , except when in an automobile , or when the park superintendent has prohibited open containers in an area . For example , it is legal to consume alcoholic beverages on the beach at Sandy Hook . Because DUI in New Jersey is a non criminal traffic violation , state DUI laws are not subject to the Assimilative Crimes Act . Members of the Armed Forces can be court martialed for drunk driving , military bases can enforce New Jersey traffic law on civilians , and it is a misdemeanor under federal law to drive while intoxicated on land administered by the National Park Service , the Department of Veterans Affairs , or the Postal Service .
The Guitar Grip provides a strap to hold the game unit while providing the player with four fret buttons ; the player uses the fret buttons in combination with using the stylus to simulate strumming on the touch sensitive screen of the DS . Each game features more than 25 songs , with some variation in track lists depending on the region of release , and multiple single player modes . The local wi fi capabilities of the DS are used for multiplayer mode , and allow a player to use songs from one installment of the series in competitive modes with a player with a different installment .
God of War creator and game director David Jaffe attempted to create a character that looked brutal , but did not resemble a typical traditional Greek hero . The character would not wear traditional armor as Jaffe wanted him to be individualistic . Although the idea of using a fully masked character was approved , the concept was abandoned as the design seemed soulless and lacked a defined personality . Some models included unconventional elements , such as portraying him carrying an infant on his back , while others had excessive detail , such as hair and other " flowing things " .
The Mississippi class ships were smaller than the several preceding classes of U.S. battleships . They were designed in an attempt to reduce the rapid growth in the size and cost of U.S. battleships . Also , a theory existed among influential naval leaders , including Dewey and Mahan , that many small battleships could be strategically useful , as were small ships of the line in the 18th and 19th centuries . In essence , the Mississippi class ships were smaller versions of the preceding Connecticut class with virtually the same armament and armor , but the reduction in length , engine size , and fuel capacity caused them to be slow and short ranged .
Typically , tropical cyclones will undergo extratropical transition after recurving polewards , and typically become fully extratropical after reaching 45 – 50 ˚ of latitude . The majority of extratropical cyclones tend to restrengthen after completing the transition period . Areas within approximately ten degrees latitude of the equator do not experience a significant Coriolis Force , a vital ingredient in tropical cyclone formation . However , recently a few tropical cyclones have been observed forming within five degrees of the equator . A combination of wind shear and a lack of tropical disturbances from the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) makes it very difficult for the South Atlantic to support tropical activity .
Statements from Scientology spokeswoman Karin Pouw labelled the Arbitration ruling as a routine matter , and maintained there were still " gross inaccuracies " on the article on Scientology . In a statement to CNN , Pouw denied the presence of an organized campaign by the Church of Scientology to manipulate Wikipedia . Scientology representative Tommy Davis emphasized to the St. Petersburg Times that users critical of the organization were also banned , and similarly denied that Scientology leadership arranged a campaign to manipulate entries on Wikipedia . The Church of Scientology has a controversial history on the Internet . It has been criticized for attempting to restrict freedom of speech on the Internet ; this conflict has come to be known as Scientology versus the Internet , or Scientology v. The Net .
Known for much of their length as Philadelphia Road , there are five disjoint mainline sections of the highway totaling 40.23 miles ( 64.74 km ) that parallel U.S. Route 40 ( US 40 ) in Baltimore , Harford , and Cecil counties in northeastern Maryland . The longest section of MD 7 begins at US 40 just east of the city of Baltimore in Rosedale and extends through eastern Baltimore County and southern Harford County to US 40 in Aberdeen . The next segment of the state highway is a C shaped route through Havre de Grace . The third mainline section of MD 7 begins in Perryville and ends at US 40 a short distance west of the start of the fourth section , which passes through Charlestown and North East before ending at US 40 just west of Elkton .
Richard knew that the charge of his knights needed to be reserved until the Ayyubid army was fully committed , closely engaged , and the Saracens ' horses had begun to tire . Goaded beyond endurance , the Master and another knight , Baldwin de Carron , thrust their way through their own infantry and charged into the Saracen ranks with a cry of “ St. George ! ” ; they were then followed by the rest of the Hospitaller knights . Moved by this example , the French knights of the corps immediately preceding the Hospitallers also charged . The precipitate action of the Hospitallers could have caused Richard 's whole strategy to unravel .
In response , the AAU founded an American Olympic Association as a separate group , although it was still initially dominated by AAU representatives — it then selected the AOC . In 1928 , on the resignation of then AOA president General Douglas MacArthur , Brundage was elected president of the AOA ; he was also elected president of the AOC , a post he held for over 20 years . In 1925 Brundage became vice president of the AAU , and chairman of its Handball Committee . After a year as first vice president , he became president in 1928 and kept the post ( except for a one year break in 1933 ) through 1935 .
Parker and Stone also said they would not write another script until the network signed off on the full show with a season of at least six episodes . Comedy Central liked the script and agreed to commit to a series . While " Cartman Gets an Anal Probe " was created almost entirely with construction paper , " Weight Gain 4000 " was the first South Park episode made completely using computers . It was created in little over a month in a studio in Westwood , California , by about 15 animators using PowerAnimator , the Alias Systems Corporation animation program most commonly known as " Alias " , which would be used in subsequent episodes .
Following the Hurricanes ' punt , Tech 's offense began work at its 22 yard line . Despite having a chance to take the lead with a successful drive , the Hokies also went three and out , punting back to Miami and allowing the Hurricanes to begin a possession at their 33 yard line . This possession was more successful than Miami 's first of the second half . Kelly ran for four yards , then completed a six yard pass for a first down . Tech committed a 15 yard grabbing the facemask penalty , and Kelly completed a 15 yard pass that pushed the Miami offense to the Tech 22 yard line .
Scully also stated that Willard was " great fun " to have on the show . Wally Kogen 's name is taken from two former writers on The Simpsons ; the character 's first name , Wally , is taken from Wallace Wolodarsky , and the character 's last name , Kogen , is taken from Jay Kogen . The episode also features former football players Rosey Grier , Troy Aikman and Dan Marino as themselves . Scully stated that , when athletes guest star in television shows , their performances are " not always the greatest " , however , he asserted , Aikman , Grier and Marino were all " really funny " and " did a great job " .
Bright Tunes Music v. Harrisongs Music finally went to the United States district court on 23 February 1976 , to hear evidence on the allegation of plagiarism . Harrison attended the proceedings in New York , with a guitar , and each side called musical experts to support its argument . After reconvening in September 1976 , the court found that Harrison had " subconsciously " copied the earlier tune , since he admitted to having been aware of the Chiffons ' recording . Judge Richard Owen said in his conclusion to the proceedings : Did Harrison deliberately use the music of He 's So Fine ?
Tonelli predicted that he could have won eight Commonwealth Games gold medals and possibly set a world record in the 200 m backstroke if he had not been expelled . In 1979 Tonelli failed to defend his US title in the 100 m backstroke , but managed third in the event at the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Championships in his final year of university . In his four years at Alabama , he was an eight time All American in the 100 m and 200 m backstroke . His triumph at the NCAA Championships came amid the backdrop of a teammate 's death in a waterskiing accident during a social event with a group of fellow swimmers .
Rainilaiarivony built the Andafiavaratra Palace in 1873 as his residence and office at a site near the royal palace . The French military invaded Antananarivo in September 1894 , prompting the queen 's surrender after a cannon shell blasted a hole through a building at the Rova , causing major casualties . The damage was never repaired . Andohalo square was remodeled to feature a gazebo , walkways and planted landscaping . Claiming the island as a colony , the French administration retained Antananarivo as its capital and transcribed its name as Tananarive . They chose Antaninarenina as the site for the French Governor General 's Residency ; upon independence it was renamed Ambohitsorohitra Palace and converted into presidential offices .
Quinn , Santana , and Brittany attempt to recruit new members by performing in Cheerios Alumni outfits , but only recruit twins Mason and Madison when former Glee new member , Kitty , who was the only member not to be transferred as Sue saw her as a star player , announced she wouldn 't return because of the way Artie treated her and everyone else when he left . Puck is still her boyfriend . She appears in " Jagged Little Tapestry " along with Tina to help Becky convince her new boyfriend that she is in every club of the school .
In 1963 , the US 131 freeway opened on the west side of Kalamazoo . Along with the creation of Bus . US 131 along a portion of the BL I 94 routing , BL I 94 was rerouted along the US 131 freeway on the west end back to I 94 . The section of Stadium Drive west of US 131 and the 9th Street routing was removed from BL I 94 . Kalamazoo and the newly built Michikal avenues were transferred to state jurisdiction in 1965 . Since then , Kalamazoo and Michigan avenues have been used as a pair of one way streets downtown .
His politics — he " was anything but politically correct " — did not mesh well with Australia 's leftist atmosphere . He wrote indignantly to a friend in the United States that he regretted moving to Australia when the authorities confiscated his muzzle loaders , which were prohibited " Down Under . " In 2004 , he returned to the United States to present the keynote address at the 34th Annual Conference of the Consortium on Revolutionary Europe . He had recently completed The Emperor ’ s Last Victory : Napoleon and the Battle of Wagram , which was published posthumously in November 2004 .
At the end of the three day symposium at Studio 35 in 1950 , Alfred Barr challenged the group to name themselves , to which de Kooning responded : " it is disastrous to name ourselves " . Pollock , on his part , refused to sign the Times letter unless it was clear that they were not a group ; it is noteworthy that he did not . Despite their subsequent labels as Abstract Expressionist , action painters and so forth , this is a picture of a group that never was a group , a picture of fifteen individuals , unified only by the click of a camera at a particular time and place .
An important scene in the episode regarded Faraday 's experiment and the resulting time differential . The scene set up a prominent theme of " time travel " for later episodes . In the episode 's respective podcast , Lost 's show runners Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof further discussed the time differential as part of an already existing theme regarding transport between the island and the rest of the world . In particular , the theme was alluded to the " Orchid video " , a Dharma Initiative video that premiered at the 2007 Comic Con. However , some scenes in the episode gained unintentional significance .
First published in the July 1924 issue of literary magazine The Dial , it was later included in the 1931 edition of Stevens ' Harmonium . Each of the five stanzas begins with the line " In that November off Tehuantepec " and is a different portrayal of the surface of the sea . The poem has been called one of Stevens ' " most persuasive statements of the imagination 's powers " , and considered " the most perfect example of a ' pure poem ' " . Other notable passengers included Brooklyn Dodgers shortstop Ray E. French , who sailed with his wife to their home in California on the same voyage as Stevens .
It starts at south of the park and runs north between two lakes in the area and through the community of Interlochen to US Highway 31 ( US 31 ) in Grand Traverse County . The highway was first shown without a number label on maps in 1930 and labelled after an extension the next year . The highway 's current routing was established in the 1950s . M 137 at the south of Interlochen State Park at an intersection with Vagabond Lane . Farther south , the roadway continues as County Road 137 ( CR 137 ) . The state highway is a two lane road that meanders north , connecting to the front gate of the state park and the Interlochen Center for the Arts .
This victory restored the image of French superiority and led to an increase in tribal submissions , the withdrawal of Said 's forces further into the mountains and a six month period of relative peace . In recognition of this Garnier Duplessix was promoted to major general . The peace was broken on 11 November 1915 by an attack on a supply convoy headed for Khénifra by 1,200 – 1,500 Zaians and allied tribesmen . The Moroccans pressed to within 50 metres ( 55 yards ) of the French , and Garnier Duplessix , in command of the convoy , was forced to resort to the bayonet to push them back .
This explanation has been widely accepted . Suicide has also often been considered an option , motives being Amy Dudley 's depression or mortal illness . Elizabeth remained close with Dudley and he , with her blessing and on her prompting , pursued his suit for her hand in an atmosphere of diplomatic intrigue . His wife 's and his father 's shadows haunted his prospects . Pope Pius IV explained to one of his cardinals : the greater part of the nobility of that island take ill the marriage which the said queen designs to enter with the Lord Robert Dudley ... they fear that if he becomes king , he will want to avenge the death of his father , and extirpate the nobility of that kingdom .
1923 ) is an American former college and high school football coach . As head coach of Richard Montgomery High School , his teams compiled an 86 – 10 – 1 record and six undefeated seasons . After a successful career at the high school level , he served as the head coach of the University of Maryland football team from 1969 to 1971 . Lester was the school 's fourth head coach in five years , and compiled a 7 – 25 record during his tenure . He was fired after the 1971 season when Maryland finished at the bottom of the Atlantic Coast Conference for the second consecutive year .
On August 30 , the hurricane was posthumously estimated to have been a strong Category 2 hurricane . On September 2 , Charlie turned to the north and northeast . At the time , it co existed with two other hurricanes , Dog and Easy ; it is a rare occurrence for three hurricanes to exist simultaneously in the Atlantic . Charlie slowly weakened and lost tropical characteristics , and by September 5 Charlie had transitioned into an extratropical cyclone about 480 mi ( 775 km ) southeast of Halifax , Nova Scotia . It dissipated later on September 5 without having affected land .
Hudema was critical of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , which he called " an occupation by a rogue state " . He has also attributed the invasion to North America 's " addiction to oil " . Hudema opposes most trade liberalization , and protested at both the Free Trade Agreement of the Americas negotiations in Quebec City with the theatre troupe FUNK ( Fighting Unaccountable Naughty Korporations ) in 2001 and the G8 summit in Kananaskis in 2002 . During the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , Hudema travelled to China to participate in protests in favour of Tibetan independence .
The Pumerantz Library provides a diabetes education program to the community in a partnership with the Pomona Public Library . The project aims to help Spanish speaking members of the community access reliable information about diabetes . The main campus of WesternU is located in downtown Pomona , California , with an official address of 309 East 2nd Street . The Pomona campus consists of 19 major buildings on 22 acres ( 8.9 ha ) , and it has been the main campus since WesternU was founded in 1977 . Upon the school 's founding , a portion of the campus was extensively renovated from an outdoor shopping mall .
Only a handful of settlements have been established on the bay . The town of Carancahua first formed as a small collection of cabins that were used in the 1880s as a stop for mail between Texana and Matagorda . However , the bay 's propensity for flooding and malaria prevented growth . In fact , the bay was notorious for its swarms of mosquitos that would fly from the Colorado River delta , and documented by a late 19th century rancher : A fairly strong easterly wind had been blowing for three days ; on the evening of the third day , the mosquitos arrived , flying high , about fifty feet , and looking like a cloud of mist over Carancahua Bay .
" From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " received mixed to positive reviews from music critics . Amanda Murray of Sputnikmusic considered the song a competent , but unremarkable single . Kyle Anderson of MTV criticized its lyrics , deeming it as " another rejection ballad that references kissing but nothing else . " Caryn Ganz of Rolling Stone called " From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " a " further hit " from ... Baby One More Time , along with " Sometimes " and " ( You Drive Me ) Crazy " . The song was a Track Pick from the Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine , who praised it along with the other singles from the album , saying , " ... Baby One More Time has its share of well crafted filler , but the singles , combined with Britney 's burgeoning charisma , make this a pretty great piece of fluff " .
It 's sad , in a way , because he ’ s isolated , like the Beast of the fairy tale trapped in his castle . But Dain is not pitiful by any means : He ’ s smart , cynical , and sarcastic , with a sharp eye for the ridiculous . He has a sense of humor and is adept with clever comebacks and putdowns " . Jessica represents the Beauty of the story , someone who " enters the Beast ’ s lair of her own accord " as his equal " no matter how awful " he acts .
" Africa researcher Alex de Waal accused the film of " peddling dangerous and patronizing falsehoods , " criticized the campaign as " naive " for " elevating Kony to a global celebrity , the embodiment of evil , " that might only help him as a terrorist and cult leader , and called for instead " demystifying Kony — reducing him to a common criminal and a failed provincial politician . " One point of criticism is that the film gives a misleading impression of the whereabouts and magnitude of Kony 's remaining LRA forces . As of early 2012 , Kony 's followers were thought to number only in the hundreds , and Kony himself was believed to be in the Central African Republic rather than Uganda — a fact that receives only a passing mention in the video .
The creators added furigana subscript to indicate they wanted it read " otome " meaning " young maiden " . Additionally , furigana was added above お姉さま ( onee sama ) to indicate that they wanted it read " boku " . Despite the different kanji , the official reading is " Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru " . When the game was ported to the PlayStation 2 , it was rewritten as 乙女はお姉さまに恋してる with the same pronunciation of " Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru " , which uses the actual " otome " ( 乙女 ) kanji . The latter name was kept for the manga and anime releases .
The two begin furtively meeting , often taking long walks at the port Tanjung Priok . When Tini goes to Surakarta to attend a women 's congress , Tono decides to stay at Yah 's house for a week . While at Yah 's , Tono and Yah discuss their pasts . Tono reveals that after he graduated from elementary school in Bandung , where he studied with Yah , he attended medical school in Surabaya and married Tini for her beauty . Meanwhile , Yah was forced to marry an older man and move to Palembang . After deciding that life as a wife was not for her , she moved to Batavia and became a prostitute , before serving as a Dutchman 's mistress for three years .
Even though company doctors had already cleared him as healthy enough to perform , Cirque du Soleil alleged that due to the nature of Cusick 's disease coupled with his job 's high risk of injury , there was a significant risk of his infecting other performers , crew or audience members . Cirque du Soleil said that they had several HIV positive employees , but in the case of Cusick , the risk of him spreading his infection while performing was too high to take the risk . A boycott ensued and Just Out ran a story on it with the headline " Flipping off the Cirque " .
He then led a small army from Cambridge , Massachusetts to Quebec City on an expedition through the wilderness of present day Maine , where he was wounded in the climactic Battle of Quebec on December 31 , 1775 . After leading an ineffectual siege of Quebec until April 1776 , he took over the military command of Montreal . He directed the American retreat from there on the arrival of British reinforcements , and his forces formed the rear guard of the retreating Continental Army as it headed south toward Ticonderoga . Arnold then organized the defense of Lake Champlain , and led the Continental Navy fleet that was defeated in the October 1776 Battle of Valcour Island .
We go more into the relationships , how it affects people around " . Steele backed this up , saying " We wanted gay to be part of Chris 's character , not Chris to be the gay character . He 's not your typical gay stereotype that some TV shows like to play up . He 's on the basketball team , he 's had a girlfriend for a time , and I think the show does a good job of portraying the way his character is discovering who he really is " . In October 2010 , Mason stated that a romantic interest for Chris could be introduced in the future .
It was originally thought to infect fish brains ( hence the specific epithet cerebralis ) and nervous systems , though it soon was found to primarily infect cartilage and skeletal tissue . Attempts to change the name to Myxobolus chondrophagus , which would more accurately describe the organism , failed because of nomenclature rules . Later , the organisms previously called Triactinomyxon dubium and T. gyrosalmo ( class Actinosporea ) were found to be , in fact , triactinomyxon stages of M. cerebralis , the life cycle of which was expanded to include the triactinomyxon stage . Similarly , other actinosporeans were folded into the life cycles of various myxosporeans .
It features production from Aftermath Entertainment producer DJ Khalil , who helped write the song along with Eminem , Erik Alcock , and Columbus " Rahki " Smith . Upon the release of Recovery , the song received generally positive reviews from music critics , who praised its aggressive nature and production . Although not released as a single , " Won 't Back Down " appeared on four national charts . It was used in the video game Call of Duty : Black Ops and its trailer as well as the trailers for the films Mission : Impossible – Ghost Protocol and Hitman : Agent 47 .
Her engine was a T.3 cylinder from C. D. Holmes & Co Ltd . , also of Hull . Following completion and registration , the Rudyard Kipling began fishing off of the coast of Ireland and Great Britain . In May 1934 , the trawler was sold to The Sun Steam Trawling Co Ltd . On 10 May , her registry from Hull was closed and on 16 May , she was registered in the English port town of Fleetwood , where her new owners were based . The Rudyard Kipling remained with the Sun Steam Trawling Co Ltd. for the rest of her career .
From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid . " This Is the Life " ( Yankovic ) – 3 : 06 Style parody of 1920s and 1930s music ; the singer brags about his lavish lifestyle . From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid . Theme to the Michael Keaton film , Johnny Dangerously . " Like a Surgeon " ( orig . Billy Steinberg , Tom Kelly , arr . Yankovic ) – 3 : 32 Parody of " Like a Virgin " by Madonna ; the song is about an incompetent surgeon performing surgery . From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid .
It followed Burruss and her record producers as they attempted to launch the music careers of undiscovered artists , although it was confirmed in 2013 that the series was canceled after airing one season . After reconciling with her ex husband Gregg , Leakes received her own spin off series I Dream of NeNe : The Wedding , which documented the preparations for their second wedding ; it premiered on September 17 , 2013 . Bravo announced Burruss and Tucker 's wedding spin off , Kandi 's Wedding , on April 8 , 2014 . The series premiered on June 1 , 2014 , and concluded on July 6 , 2014 .
Ten Australian aircraft bombed Mafrak between 06 : 00 and 08 : 00 . The railway station , a long train and several dumps were destroyed , and the railway was completely blocked . A number of trains continued to arrive at Mafrak from Amman during the day , but each was attacked by aircraft . No. 1 Squadron AFC bombed the area three times , dropping four tons of bombs and firing almost 20,000 machine gun rounds . The survivors were forced to abandon their wheeled transport , and only a few thousand managed to escape on foot or horse towards Deraa and Damascus .
They meet various characters from Chrono Trigger along the way , including Masamune , Lavos , Gaspar , Ozzie , Slash and Flea . In 1998 , the chapters of the series were released as a tankōbon . The music of the Chrono series was mainly composed by Yasunori Mitsuda . Chrono Trigger was the first game for which he had served as composer . However , after Mitsuda contracted stomach ulcers , Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu was brought onto the project to compose ten songs . At the time of the game 's release , the quantity of its tracks and sound effects were unprecedented .
Angelou told her friend Oprah Winfrey that the call requesting her to write and recite the poem came from television producer Harry Thomason , who organized the inauguration , shortly after Clinton 's election . Even though she suspected that Clinton made the request because " he understood that I am the kind of person who really does bring people together " , Angelou admitted feeling overwhelmed , and even requested that the audiences attending her speaking engagements pray for her . She followed her same " writing ritual " that she had followed for years and used in writing all of her books and poetry : she rented a hotel room , closeted herself there from the early morning to the afternoon , and wrote on legal pads .
In animals , proteins are needed in the diet to provide the essential amino acids that cannot be synthesized . Digestion breaks the proteins down for use in the metabolism . Proteins may be purified from other cellular components using a variety of techniques such as ultracentrifugation , precipitation , electrophoresis , and chromatography ; the advent of genetic engineering has made possible a number of methods to facilitate purification . Methods commonly used to study protein structure and function include immunohistochemistry , site directed mutagenesis , X ray crystallography , nuclear magnetic resonance and mass spectrometry . Most proteins consist of linear polymers built from series of up to 20 different L α amino acids .
The total length of a composite skeletal mount in the Museum für Naturkunde Berlin , Germany , from the tip of the snout to the tip of the tail is 4.5 m ( 15 ft ) . Slightly more than half of this length is made up by the tail . Larger single elements were found , so that the animal could probably attain a total length of 5.5 m ( 18 ft ) . In 2010 , Gregory S. Paul estimated the weight of a 4 metre long ( 13 ft ) Kentrosaurus at seven hundred kilograms ( 1,500 lb ) .
The International Prototype Kilogram was commissioned by the General Conference on Weights and Measures ( CGPM ) under the authority of the Metre Convention ( 1875 ) , and in the custody of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures ( BIPM ) who hold it on behalf of the CGPM . After the International Prototype Kilogram had been found to vary in mass over time relative to its reproductions , the International Committee for Weights and Measures ( CIPM ) recommended in 2005 that the kilogram be redefined in terms of a fundamental constant of nature . At its 2011 meeting , the CGPM agreed in principle that the kilogram should be redefined in terms of the Planck constant .
It was claimed that Perrins had lifted 896 pounds ( 406 kg ) of iron with ease , and he was " universally allowed to possess much skill and excellent bottom " . That is , it was acknowledged that he was skilful and courageous . The physical mismatch was later described as a fight between Hercules , in the form of Perrins , and a boy . The first five minutes of competition saw neither man strike a blow and then when Perrins tried to make contact Johnson dodged and felled Perrins in return . Although Perrins recovered to hold the upper hand in the first few rounds , Johnson then began to dance around the ring , forcing Perrins to follow to make a fight of it .
Most caecilians live underground in burrows in damp soil , in rotten wood and under plant debris , but some are aquatic . Most species lay their eggs underground and when the larvae hatch , they make their way to adjacent bodies of water . Others brood their eggs and the larvae undergo metamorphosis before the eggs hatch . A few species give birth to live young , nourishing them with glandular secretions while they are in the oviduct . Caecilians have a mostly Gondwanan distribution , being found in tropical regions of Africa , Asia and Central and South America .
But Holden was initially unimpressed with Lin 's on court abilities , and told Lin 's high school basketball coach , Peter Diepenbrock , that Lin was a " Division III player " . Later that week , Holden saw Lin playing in a much more competitive game , driving to the basket at every opportunity with the " instincts of a killer " , and Lin became a top priority for him . Harvard coaches feared that Stanford , close to Lin 's home , would offer Lin a scholarship , but it did not , and Lin chose to attend Harvard .
Other sources put the dimensions as 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) long , and 1,000 yards ( 910 m ) deep . Two of the central positions , Quinn 's and Courtnay 's Posts , had a steep cliff to the rear of the ANZAC trenches . In places the Turkish trenches were dug as close as ten yards ( 9.1 m ) from the Allied lines . The First Turkish counter attack on Anzac Cove in April , by the 19th Infantry Division ( 57th , 72nd and 77th Infantry Regiments ) commanded by Colonel Mustafa Kemal , had initially pierced the ANZAC line but was eventually repulsed .
Sparrow wants it to convince Jones to call off the Kraken . Norrington escapes with the heart amid a battle with Jones 's crew , and Jones summons the Kraken . Realizing Sparrow is the target , Elizabeth traps him aboard the Black Pearl as the crew abandons the ship , and kisses him while she handcuffs him to the mast . Then , the monster devours Sparrow and drags the ship and his soul to Davy Jones 's Locker . The surviving crew seeks refuge with Tia Dalma ( Naomie Harris ) , a magic woman , who produces a captain she says can rescue Sparrow : it was her doing that brought Barbossa back to life .
Unlike previous Wilco and Uncle Tupelo recordings , the album featured a lot of overdubbing with Pro Tools . Stirratt and Coomer were concerned with the production , since it reduced their involvement in the music . According to Stirratt : The story of Summerteeth is Jay bought a Mellotron and he was going to use it , no matter what . It was lovely , but it was overdone . Once they got going on the overdubs , they didn 't stop . And nobody in the band stepped up to stop the madness ... It reminds me of Heart of Darkness , where you knowingly extend the creative process for the purpose of exploration or redemption , or whatever it is you 're looking for .
With occasional personnel changes , the sextet continued performing into 1951 . In the same year , the location for Tristano 's lessons shifted from his home in Flushing , Long Island to a Manhattan loft property , part of which he had converted into a recording studio . This also served as the location for frequent jam sessions with various invited musicians . The address became the title of one of his compositions – " 317 East 32nd Street " . At around the same time , Tristano started a record label named Jazz Records . It released " Ju ju " and " Pastime " on a 45 record in 1952 , before Tristano abandoned the project because of time demands and distribution problems .
A county was divided into several districts , the latter composed of a group of hamlets , each containing about a hundred families . The heads of provinces , whose official title was changed from Inspector to Governor and vice versa several times during Han , were responsible for inspecting several commandery level and kingdom level administrations . On the basis of their reports , the officials in these local administrations would be promoted , demoted , dismissed or prosecuted by the imperial court . A governor could take various actions without permission from the imperial court . The lower ranked inspector had executive powers only during times of crisis , such as raising militias across the commanderies under his jurisdiction to suppress a rebellion .
" Guernsey 's Chief Minister stated " the directors of Landsbanki Guernsey took appropriate steps by putting the bank into administration . " The FME placed Landsbanki in receivership early on 7 October . A press release from the FME stated that all of Landsbanki 's domestic branches , call centres , ATMs and internet operations will be open for business as usual , and that all " domestic deposits " were fully guaranteed . The UK government used the Banking ( Special Provisions ) Act 2008 first to transfer retail deposits from Heritable Bank to a Treasury holding company , then to sell them to Dutch bank ING Direct for £ 1 million .
Back in 2003 , he had left HAL Laboratory , the company that was in charge with the franchises ' development and was never informed of this announcement despite the fact shortly after resigning from the company , Iwata said if a new game was to be made , he would be in charge . It was not until after the conference Sakurai was called to Satoru Iwata 's room on the top floor of a Los Angeles hotel , where he was told by Iwata " We 'd like you to be involved in the production of the new Smash Bros. , if possible near the level of director " .
He was deeply considering converting to Catholicism , discussing the possibility with clergy several times . In 1877 , Wilde was left speechless after an audience with Pope Pius IX in Rome . He eagerly read Cardinal Newman 's books , and became more serious in 1878 , when he met the Reverend Sebastian Bowden , a priest in the Brompton Oratory who had received some high profile converts . Neither his father , who threatened to cut off his funds , nor Mahaffy thought much of the plan ; but mostly Wilde , the supreme individualist , balked at the last minute from pledging himself to any formal creed .
For much of the 4th century , Roman society stabilised in a new form that differed from the earlier classical period , with a widening gulf between the rich and poor , and a decline in the vitality of the smaller towns . Another change was the Christianisation , or conversion of the empire to Christianity , a gradual process that lasted from the 2nd to the 5th centuries . In 376 , the Goths , fleeing from the Huns , received permission from Emperor Valens ( r . 364 – 378 ) to settle in the Roman province of Thracia in the Balkans .
McCay is a controversial figure in Australian history . Disagreement about his significance and reputation began before his death and continues to the present . General Sir Brudenell White considered McCay to be " one of the greatest soldiers that ever served Australia , greater even than Monash . " McCay 's achievements included the creation of the Military Board and the Australian Army Intelligence Corps , and the development of the Staff Corps , " laying the foundations on which the Australian Army was built . " In writing Volume III of the Official History of Australia in the War of 1914 – 1918 , which covered 1916 , official historian Charles Bean exonerated McCay of blame for Fromelles .
But it doesn 't look good . " Sam Clark said that Ringo and Donna 's love for each other is very strong , but he was not sure if it was strong enough to survive a betrayal . Robbie and Clark also said that the couple were heading in different directions career wise and it would be challenging for them . Donna later begins an affair with Andrew after he helps her out and then puts pressure on her to give in to their attraction . Robbie said that Donna is " flattered " by Andrew 's interest in her and when Ringo puts his career before her , Andrew tells Donna what she wants to hear .
The production team had to be mindful of the series ' budget when planning the effects and sets ; Chibnall commented that " it would be very easy to spend £ 300m on this but we don ’ t have it " . As such , the dinosaurs could not dominate the episode , and Chibnall had to tell " a big other story " . The scene where Amy , Riddell , and Nefertiti stumble upon a sleeping Tyrannosaurus rex was almost cut as it was originally intended to feature computer generated ( CGI ) raptors , which were too expensive .
He found that many of the children were fully occupied helping their families in summer and only attended school in winter . Two places of worship were built within a couple of years of each other , a Baptist chapel in 1877 and a Church of Scotland church in 1878 ( at a cost of £ 900 ) . Although they soon became focal elements of community life , there seems to have been some bad blood between the two congregations , perhaps due to a clash between the missionary zeal of local Baptists and the Calvinism of the Presbyterian Kirk .
Indian Battle Park , in the coulees of the Oldman River , commemorates the last battle between the Cree and the Blackfoot First Nations in 1870 . Originally known as Fort Hamilton , Fort Whoop Up was a centre of illegal activities during the late 19th century . It was first built in 1869 by J.J. Healy and A.B. Hamilton as a whiskey post and was destroyed by fire a year later . A second , sturdier structure later replaced the fort . As the cultural centre of southern Alberta , Lethbridge has notable cultural attractions . Nikka Yuko Japanese Garden in south Lethbridge was opened in 1967 as part of a Canadian centennial celebration attended by Japan ’ s Prince and Princess Takamatsu .
Harvey made his first class debut in 1947 48 , but performed poorly , and did not play a match in the following summer , and for the two subsequent seasons , he played in only three games . In 1951 52 he made five appearances , gaining selection only when Victoria ’ s Test players were busy representing Australia . The following season , he broke through for his maiden first class century , having never previously passed 50 . Having broken through at the end of the preceding summer , Harvey played his first full season for Victoria in 1953 54 .
He praised the lyrics for not being overwritten and commended their " emotional punch " and " very strong melody " which he said can make people feel that they have always known the song . Pitchfork Media 's Ryan Dombal called " If I Were a Boy " an " effective and affecting gender bender " . Allmusic writer Andy Kellman felt that though the ballad sounds like " the watery backdrop for a singing competition finale " , it is the most outstanding song on I Am ... Sasha Fierce thanks to its lyrics and Beyoncé 's tormented performance .
In April 1900 , Wong travelled 13 days up the Rajang River before he decided to choose Sibu as the new settlement for his Foochow clansmen , because the area near Rajang delta would be suitable for growing crops . An agreement was signed on 9 July 1900 between Wong Nai Siong and the Brooke government in Kuching to allow Chinese settlers into the area . On 21 January 1901 , the first batch of 72 settlers arrived at Sibu and settled at the Sungai Merah area , about 6 km from the town of Sibu at that time . On 16 March 1901 , the second batch of 535 settlers arrived .
This lowered the tide head to Old Ford , and prevented large boats sailing the river until the 15th century . During the reign of King Henry I between 1100 and 1118 , his wife Queen Matilda ( or Maud ) , on hearing of the problems of crossing the river at Old Ford , directed that the road should be routed further south , and paid for two bridges , one to cross the Lee and the other to cross the Channelsea River , from her own funds . She also paid for the road to be built between them , and the location of the bridge became known as Stratford atte Boghe , later Stratford le Bow , and finally dropped Stratford to become Bow or Bow Bridge .
Bostaph left Slayer shortly after the album 's recording to work on his own project , Truth About Seafood . With Bostaph 's departure , Slayer recruited Testament drummer Jon Dette , and headlined the 1996 Ozzfest alongside Ozzy Osbourne , Danzig , Biohazard , Sepultura , and Fear Factory . Dette was fired after a year , due to a fallout with band members ; Bostaph returned to continue the tour . Diabolus in Musica ( Latin for " The Devil in Music " ) was released in 1998 , and debuted at number 31 on the Billboard 200 , selling over 46,000 copies in its first week .
Other professors at the Academia , originating in several historical regions , were Ion Ghica , Eftimie Murgu , and Ion Ionescu de la Brad . Kogălniceanu 's introductory speech was partly prompted by Sturdza 's refusal to give him imprimatur , and amounted to a revolutionary project . Among other things , it made explicit references to the common cause of Romanians living in the two states of Moldavia and Wallachia , as well as in Austrian- and Russian ruled areas : " I view as my country everywhere on earth where Romanian is spoken , and as national history the history of all of Moldavia , that of Wallachia , and that of our brothers in Transylvania .
It is an example of the Severn Cotswold tomb and was scheduled as an ancient monument in 1882 . It was one of the initial monuments included when the Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 became law . The chambered long barrow was built around 3500 BC . Excavations in the early 19th century uncovered bones from several individuals . The stone structure is about 30 metres ( 98 ft ) in length and contains a 12.8 metres ( 42 ft ) long gallery with three pairs of side chambers and an end chamber . The barrow is approximately 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) south west of the village of Wellow .
It produced a hit single in the Motown inspired " You " , originally recorded in London in 1971 with co producer Phil Spector . The album also includes " This Guitar ( Can 't Keep from Crying ) " , which was both a sequel to Harrison 's 1968 Beatles composition " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " and a rebuttal to his detractors . The album was reissued in remastered form on 22 September 2014 , as part of the Apple Years 1968 – 75 Harrison box set . In its 13 February 1975 issue , Rolling Stone magazine derided George Harrison 's North American tour with Ravi Shankar over November – December 1974 , and the accompanying Dark Horse album , as " disastrous " .
Later on in the same essay , she commented that Brandon both embodied and rejected traditional masculinity , providing a new outlook on what it means to be a man which excited and thrilled the women in the film : " Brandon ’ s performance of masculinity , however , can be interpreted as operating on two levels in the narratives : When Brandon tries to establish his male identity with his new buddies , he imitates the kind of overly aggressive macho machismo that John and Tom represent . But Lana falls for Brandon because of his version of masculinity , which contradicts and challenges traditional assumptions about what it takes to be a man and to please a woman .
Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum acted as supervising directors of the episode , with Andrew Goldberg and Alex Carter working as staff writers for the episode . The episode saw the fourth re appearance , the first being an equally brief appearance in " Spies Reminiscent of Us " , the second in " Road to the Multiverse " and the third being " Go Stewie Go " , by former main cast member Mike Henry as the voice of Cleveland Brown . The actor had previously left the role on Family Guy , in order to star as the character in his own spinoff , entitled The Cleveland Show .
The local media claimed that the ransom was paid by Kaladze 's family , although another source says that Kaladze 's father attempted to meet the kidnappers , who fled as they believed he was followed by the police . Two men were sentenced to prison for the murder : David Asatiani for 25 years and Merab Amisulashvili for five years . On 14 July 2009 , Kaladze 's wife Anouki gave birth to their first born son in Milan . The couple named their son Levan , in memory of Kaladze 's brother . Kaladze has also been active in charitable causes and is a FIFA ambassador for the SOS Children 's Villages .
During this time , a limited number of women were allowed to attend classes but forbidden from gaining a degree . During World War I , 49 % of A & M graduates were in military service , and in 1918 , the senior class was mustered into military service to fight in France . During World War II , Texas A & M produced over 20,000 combat troops , contributing more officers than both the United States Military Academy and United States Naval Academy combined . Shortly after World War II , the Texas Legislature redefined Texas A & M as a university and the flagship school of the Texas A & M University System , making official the school 's status as a clear and separate institution from the University of Texas .
They 're more funny , or humorous , or something " . In the book Off Limits : Rutgers University and the Avant garde , 1957 1963 , the piece was described as a " humorous , Cubist abstraction of the currency " . Discussing the piece after edition 10 was given to the National Gallery of Australia , critic Jaklyn Babington considered Lichtenstein 's early works , including Ten Dollar Bill , to be " intriguing precursors to the artist ’ s subsequent development " . She called it a " finely hand drawn lithograph " , and considered the work to be " the only hint of Lichtenstein ’ s imminent obsession with American popular culture " .
The innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms . Several barriers protect organisms from infection , including mechanical , chemical , and biological barriers . The waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection . However , as organisms cannot be completely sealed from their environments , other systems act to protect body openings such as the lungs , intestines , and the genitourinary tract . In the lungs , coughing and sneezing mechanically eject pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract .
Harper emerged a prominent member of the Reform Party caucus . He was active on constitutional issues during his first parliament , and played a prominent role in drafting the Reform Party 's strategy for the 1995 Quebec referendum . A long standing opponent of centralized federalism , he stood with Preston Manning in Montreal to introduce a twenty point plan to " decentralize and modernize " Canada in the event of a " no " victory . Harper later argued that the " no " side 's narrow plurality was a worst case scenario , in that no one had won a mandate for change .
" Dibdin 's song " refers to the popular song by Charles Dibdin on which the poem is based . The Opies wrote that " the presumption must be that the verses Godwin printed were those by his daughter " . In the 1831 introduction to Frankenstein , Shelley described her early childhood writing as that of " a close imitator — rather doing what others had done , than putting down the suggestions of my own mind " . However , after the rediscovery of the entire letter , doubts emerged regarding this attribution : Dear Sir , In the midst of our short conversation of yesterday , & still more pleasant than short , you expressed a wish to receive a sketch in prose of the thing we desired .
It was the parish church of the area , and had a chapel of ease at St Mary 's Church , Tal y llyn ( now also closed ) . In November 1349 , records of an inquisition in Beaumaris show that the priest serving St Peulan 's was one of a number of Anglesey clergymen to have died about that time , which was when the Black Death was affecting Anglesey . During the 19th century , a significant amount of church rebuilding and restoration work took place throughout Anglesey , and St Peulan 's was given a new roof and new internal fittings at this time .
During the war , Halliday became good friends with General Ulysses S. Grant , and this relationship increased his personal fortune considerably through favorable military contracts . After the Civil War , Halliday , his four brothers , and other family members rapidly expanded their business interests in the region . Halliday purchased real estate , businesses , hotels , mines , railroads , lumber yards , steamboats , and furniture companies , and took advantage of many other business opportunities . His business success led to the advancement of the region and specifically contributed to the development of Cairo , Illinois , and Hallidayboro , Illinois .
Affeldt attended Northwest Christian High School , a Division 2 B school in Colbert , Washington . He participated in three sports while there , but it was baseball that drove several major league scouts to the school to see him pitch . He graduated in 1997 . Affeldt was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the third round of the 1997 MLB draft . He spent 1997 pitching for the rookie – league Gulf Coast League Royals . While with them , he went 2 – 0 with a 4.50 ERA in ten games ( nine starts ) .
The British frigate was HMS Africaine , a new arrival to the Indian Ocean . She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet , who had served there the previous year . Corbet was a notoriously unpopular officer and his death in the battle provoked a storm of controversy in Britain over claims that Corbet had either committed suicide at the shame of losing his ship , been murdered by his disaffected crew , or been abandoned by his men , who were said to have refused to load their guns while he remained in command . Whether any of these rumours were accurate has never been satisfactorily determined , but the issue has been discussed in several prominent naval histories and was the subject of at least one lawsuit .
Among those who met with Jinnah to seek his return was Liaquat Ali Khan , who would be a major political associate of Jinnah in the years to come and the first Prime Minister of Pakistan . At Jinnah 's request , Liaquat discussed the return with a large number of Muslim politicians and confirmed his recommendation to Jinnah . In early 1934 , Jinnah relocated to the subcontinent , though he shuttled between London and India on business for the next few years , selling his house in Hampstead and closing his legal practice in Britain . Muslims of Bombay elected Jinnah , though then absent in London , as their representative to the Central Legislative Assembly in October 1934 .
By the 2000s there were fewer than forty , mostly elderly Jews remaining in the city , however , and the congregation no longer has a full time rabbi . Former rabbis include Judah Wechsler , after whom the Wechsler school was named , and William Ackerman , whose wife Paula Ackerman became the first woman to perform rabbinical duties in the country after her husband 's unexpected death . In 1968 , the education building of the new complex was bombed by members of the Ku Klux Klan . Pieces of glass were salvaged from the destruction and are now incorporated into the front windows of the current synagogue building .
It was built by the monks of Penmon and was believed to have healing powers by some people visiting it . It is probably one of the oldest buildings in Penmon . It has been said that the lower stone walls near the well were part of Seiriol 's church in the 6th century ; if so , this would make it the oldest remaining Christian building in Wales . A small chamber surrounds the well . In modern times , water from the well has been used as a symbol of Anglesey by the island 's representatives at the launch ceremony of the 10th International Island Games ( held in Guernsey in June 2003 ) and the 11th Island Games ( held in the Shetland Islands in July 2005 ) .
He insists they sleep at his home in Indianapolis , ruining their night . The next day , Leslie and Ben run into each other alone and Ben reveals Chris is out for the day . Ben then immediately kisses her , leaving Leslie simultaneously delighted and nervous about their future . Meanwhile , Tom ( Aziz Ansari ) asks Andy ( Chris Pratt ) , April ( Aubrey Plaza ) , Jerry ( Jim O 'Heir ) and Donna ( Retta ) to participate in a new game show called Know Ya Boo , that he is hoping to pitch to networks ; he admits that it is a rip off of The Newlywed Game .
The keel for U 43 was laid down in August 1938 at Bremen ; she was launched in May 1939 and commissioned in August . Between November 1939 and July 1943 , the U boat conducted 14 combat patrols , sinking 21 merchant ships for a total of 117,036 gross register tons ( GRT ) , damaging one ship of 10,350 GRT and another of 9,131 GRT - enough for it to be declared a total loss . U 43 was sunk on 30 July 1943 southwest of the Azores by a torpedo dropped by a United States Navy aircraft ; all 55 hands were lost .
His distaste for Aberhart 's social credit government — and in particular its contention , which Brownlee viewed as unfair , that the UFA had left the government bankrupt — did not prevent him from advising it behind the scenes on a number of issues , most notably Alberta 's submission to the Rowell Sirois Commission , The Case for Alberta . In the early 1940s , he met M. J. Coldwell , the new federal leader of the CCF , on a train . According to Coldwell , in the ensuing conversation Brownlee indicated that he would be prepared to consider running federally as a CCF candidate .
The algebraic chess notation for chess can be used to record moves in bughouse games . Different notations for piece drops are possible . The internet chess servers FICS and Internet Chess Club use the at sign @ , as in N @ f1 ( knight drop at f1 ) , Q @ e6 + ( queen drop with check at e6 ) or P @ h7 ( pawn drop at h7 ) . Because of the fast pace at which the game is played , bughouse games are rarely recorded in games played over the board . With the arrival of online chess it has become possible to systematically record games .
In 1878 , Matthew 's father Daniel died . In October 1892 , he suffered a stroke , but continued to preside over the courtroom . Matthew Paul Deady died in Portland on March 24 , 1893 , at the age of 68 . In 1893 , the first building at the University of Oregon was renamed in Deady 's honor . Built in 1876 , Deady Hall joined the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1977 . Matthew ’ s wife Lucy died in 1923 , followed by son Henderson in 1933 .
The following year he moved on to his prep school , South Lodge , Lowestoft , as a day boy . The headmaster , Thomas Sewell , was an old fashioned disciplinarian ; the young Britten was outraged at the severe corporal punishments frequently handed out , and later he said that his lifelong pacifism probably had its roots in his reaction to the regime at the school . He himself rarely fell foul of Sewell , a mathematician , in which subject Britten was a star pupil . The school had no musical tradition , and Britten continued to study the piano with Ethel Astle .
In both directions , the cargo was covered with hide or canvas . The carts were lashed together in brigades of ten carts , with three drivers and an overseer . These brigades could join in trains up to two miles ( three km ) in length . Carts numbering in the low hundreds annually used the trails in the 1840s , many hundreds in the 1850s , and thousands in the late 1860s . These cart trains travelled about two miles ( three km ) an hour , and about twenty miles ( thirty km ) in a day .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency generally puts substances which are lethal at more than 30 g to adults in Toxicity Class III . Ethylene glycol has a low vapor pressure ; it does not evaporate readily at normal temperatures and therefore high concentrations in air or intoxication are unlikely to occur following inhalational exposures . There may be a slight risk of poisoning where mists or fogs are generated , although this rarely leads to poisoning as ethylene glycol causes irritation and coughing when breathed in , alerting victims to its presence . Ethylene glycol is not well absorbed through skin meaning poisoning following dermal exposure is also uncommon .
History paintings were generally sold at exhibition for no less than the asking price , and as a consequence often remained unsold . Portraits were commissioned by the subject or their family , providing a guaranteed source of income to the artist . History painting was much more highly regarded as an art form ; portrait painting was seen as reflecting nature whereas history painting involved more creativity and also gave the artist the opportunity to tell moral lessons . Etty retained close connections with York throughout his life . After Jonathan Martin 's arson attack on York Minster in 1829 caused major damage , Etty was prominent in the effort to restore the building to its original state .
Marsden said Richard acts as an emotional challenge for Superman , since the hero comes back to find that " Lois Lane picks somebody who 's very Supermanesque " . Parker Posey as Kitty Kowalski : Lex Luthor 's henchwoman . She served as a prison nurse and would give Lex his examinations . The character is based on Eve Teschmacher from the 1978 film , portrayed by Valerie Perrine . Posey was the only actress considered for the role . Marlon Brando as Jor El : Superman 's biological father . Brando ( who died in 2004 ) reprises his role from the 1978 film through the use of previous footage combined with computer generated imagery .
Though he lost his first start of season , he rebounded to win six starts in succession from April 25 though May 20 , including a 7 – 0 shutout victory on May 8 versus Louisville . On June 12 , he pitched Boston to a 15 – 3 victory over the Reds at home , and connected for two home runs against Chauncey Fisher . This was the third , and last , time he hit two home runs in a single game . He hit three home runs total for the season and improved his batting average to .347 in 222 at bats .
In 1947 , he married his girlfriend Patricia , who remained his wife for the next 58 years until he died . Mikan fathered six children , sons Larry , Terry , Patrick and Michael , and daughters Trisha and Maureen . All his life , Mikan was universally seen as the prototypical " gentle giant " , tough and relentless on the court , but friendly and amicable in private life . He was also the older brother of Ed Mikan , another basketball player for both DePaul and the BAA . Mikan died in Scottsdale , Arizona , on June 1 , 2005 , of complications from diabetes and other ailments .
It was the only thing that I could change about myself . " Initially " Hair " was supposed to be released as the second promotional single from Born This Way , following " The Edge of Glory " , on May 16 , 2011 . However , after its release to the digital stores , " The Edge of Glory " started selling considerable amount of digital downloads , prompting Gaga to make it the third single from Born This Way . Hence , " Hair " became the first promotional release from the album . Gaga noted that although " Hair " was not planned to be an official single , it could be released as such , if it was to sell well at the digital outlets like " The Edge of Glory " .
So we were working on our second issue by the time I saw it . It was going to be a matter of somehow trying to restage the entire first issue , because it was a very similar coma opening . I made a decision — which I pretty much regret at this point — I said , ' You know what ? It 's so different [ from that point on ] , I will probably never hear anything about this . ' And I was wrong . " The episode attained 5.35 million viewers , making it the most viewed series premiere in AMC history .
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef in warm waters up to 50 metres ( 160 ft ) deep and are more common in the southern than in the northern section . None found in the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area are endemic , nor are any endangered . Six species of sea turtles come to the reef to breed : the green sea turtle , leatherback sea turtle , hawksbill turtle , loggerhead sea turtle , flatback turtle , and the Olive Ridley . The green sea turtles on the Great Barrier Reef have two genetically distinct populations , one in the northern part of the reef and the other in the southern part .
Fields in the EAA are typically 40 acres ( 160,000 m2 ) , bordered by canals on two sides , that are connected to larger canals where water is pumped in or out depending on the needs of the crops . The fertilizers used on vegetables , along with high concentrations of nitrogen and phosphorus that are the byproduct of decayed soil necessary for sugarcane production , were pumped into WCAs south of the EAA . The introduction of large amounts of these chemicals provided opportunities for exotic plants to take hold in the Everglades . One of the defining characteristics of natural Everglades ecology is its ability to support itself in a nutrient poor environment , and the introduction of fertilizers began to alter the plant life in the region .
Hammou took much of this with him when he escaped to the mountains of the Middle Atlas . The disaster left Captain Pierre Kroll as the senior officer of the remnants of the Khénifra garrison , some three companies of tirailleurs ( one of which was an ad hoc unit made up from the partially equipped and shaken survivors of the battle ) . Having secured the defences he immediately telegraphed Lyautey and Henrys to inform them of events , the first they had heard of Laverdure 's foray . Lyautey was briefly of the opinion that the event would cause the loss of the whole of Morocco .
A chain of fourteen lakes runs across the central drainage basin of Petén . The largest lake is Lake Petén Itza ; it measures 32 by 5 kilometres ( 19.9 by 3.1 mi ) . A broad savannah extends south of the central lakes . To the north of the lakes region bajos become more frequent , interspersed with forest . To the south the plain gradually rises towards the Guatemalan Highlands . Dense forest covers northern Petén and Belize , most of Quintana Roo , southern Campeche and a portion of the south of Yucatán state . Further north , the vegetation turns to lower forest consisting of dense scrub .
Denning went two days without sleep while building these bridges ; shortly after one was completed , a German aeroplane dropped a bomb on it , forcing them to start again . The unit advanced over the River Ancre and the Canal du Nord , but Denning fell ill with influenza and was in hospital for the last few days of the war . Denning was demobilised on 6 February 1919 , and returned to Magdalen College four days later . He initially thought about turning to applied mathematics , but decided on pure mathematics . He studied hard , not participating in any of the university 's numerous societies or clubs so that he could better focus on his work , and graduated in 1920 with a first in Mathematical Greats .
However , in the absence of modern satellite and other remote sensing technologies , only storms that affected populated land areas or encountered ships at sea were recorded , so the actual total could be higher . An undercount bias of zero to six tropical cyclones per year between 1851 and 1885 has been estimated . Of the five known 1864 cyclones , four were first documented in 1995 by Jose Fernandez Partagas and Henry Diaz . The first system was initially observed offshore the Southeastern United States on July 16 . It peaked as a Category 1 hurricane on the modern day Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale .
Right after their first kiss , Rachel discover Finn on her doorstep . While visiting , Rachel learns that Finn was medically discharged from the army several weeks ago , and that he no longer wants to live in New York after seeing how happy she was without him . Finn takes off and goes back to Lima where Rachel confronts him , and says that even though she loves him , she can no longer stay in their relationship . She and Brody begin to see each other , and she lets him move in so that they can be closer .
Burnham was put in charge of a 250 private security detail hired by Hammond , who in addition to owning large investments in Mexico was a close friend of Taft from Yale and a U.S. Vice Presidential candidate in 1908 . On October 16 , the day of the summit , Burnham and Private C.R. Moore , a Texas Ranger , discovered a man holding a concealed palm pistol standing at the El Paso Chamber of Commerce building along the procession route . Burnham and Moore captured and disarmed the assassin within only a few feet of Taft and Díaz .
The monastery declined in the late 17th century , and in 1679 many of its treasures were sold due to economic difficulties . Archbishop Bardughimeos Shushanetsi renovated the monastery in 1724 . In 1779 father Baghdasar vardapet decorated the narthex walls with frescoes of King Abgar , Empire Theodosius , Saint Gayane , Saint Rhipsime , Khosrovidukht , and Gabriel . According to Murad Hasratyan , the unknown painter had fused together the styles of Armenian , Persian , and Western European art . A wall was built around the monastery in 1803 , and fourteen years later , the Church of Surb Khach ( Holy Cross ) was completely renovated and converted into a depository of manuscripts by archbishop Galust .
Almost a hundred villages were flooded , as were two dams . The Rio Fuerte burst its banks and flooded sixty settlements . It also forced evacuations , which were enforced by the Mexican Army . Mexican Federal Highway 15 was closed due to the storm , as was the Pacific Railroad . The highway was reopened shortly after the storm passed . The total death toll from Tropical Storm Lidia was determined to exceed 73 . This was enough to make it the deadliest tropical cyclone of its season , which mostly occurred in rural areas . A few days later , Hurricane Norma struck similar areas as Lidia , also causing devastation .
The plant populations that best fit Bentham 's original description of grandiflora , also known as Grampians heath , occur naturally on sandstone at locations including Mount Zero , Mount Stapylton and the Black Range . Other nearby populations are regarded as having intermediate characteristics , including those in the Victoria Range and Mount Arapiles . Although not recognised in the Australian Plant Census , the variety is noted as " rare " on the list of Advisory List of Rare or Threatened Plants in Victoria issued by the Department of Environment and Primary Industries . In 1977 Helen Stace and Yvonne Fripp from La Trobe University studied 195 populations of Epacris impressa in Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania and found that 120 consisted of mixed stands of two or more races while 75 populations were of one race only .
The essential elements which must be proved to exist are : ( i ) the intention of the testator to subject the primary donee to an obligation in favour of the secondary donee ; ( ii ) communication of that intention to the primary donee ; and ( iii ) the acceptance of that obligation by the primary donee either expressly or by acquiescence . It is immaterial whether these elements precede or succeed the will of the donor . For a fully secret trust to be valid , therefore , it must be proved that there was intention , that this was communicated to the trustee , and that the trustee accepted his obligations .
Once in charge , she replaced many staffers and exerted far more control over the magazine than any previous editor had , earning the nickname " Nuclear Wintour " in the process . Those editors who were retained began to refer to the period as " The Wintour of Our Discontent . " Her changes moved the magazine from its traditional eccentricity to a direction more in line with the American magazine . Wintour 's ideal reader was the same woman Savvy had tried to reach . " There 's a new kind of woman out there , " she told the Evening Standard .
They are rare among Malagasy clans as newcomers who successfully established their own kingdom within a short time after landing on the island . Under Antemoro Zafikasimambo leadership , the commoners ' freedom was significantly reduced and religion became a central feature of social and political life . The conflict between the Antemoro and Zafiraminia nobles and the resulting Zafikasimambo rule also established a tradition of emigration from this part of the island . Unlike the majority of Malagasy who generally seek to return to their ancestral land , the Antemoro initially felt no such call to remain linked to a geographic area .
Nordic combined had the greatest changes in it schedule with the debut of the 10 km mass start that was also approved at the 2006 Congress in Vilamoura , and the replacement of the 7.5 km sprint and 15 km individual Gundersen events with two separate 10 km individual events . The first event , replacing the 15 km Gundersen , was a single jump from the individual normal hill followed by a 10 km cross country event using the Gundersen system while the second event , replacing the 7.5 km sprint , was a single jump from the individual large hill followed by a 10 km cross country event also using the Gundersen system .
Brooke Little was made Bluemantle . Several months later when Sir Gerald Wollaston died , in the ensuing shuffle Cole was finally given his appointment as Portcullis Pursuivant . In 1967 , Brooke Little was advanced to the position of Richmond Herald . On 7 July 1980 , after almost thirty years of service to the Earl Marshal and the College of Arms , Brooke Little was appointed to replace Sir Walter Verco as Norroy and Ulster King of Arms , with heraldic authority in the part of England north of the Trent , as well as in Northern Ireland .
At the end of March , Wotton was one of eight candidates for the new Palm Island Community Council . Wotton had become something of a public speaker , speaking at various venues including presenting the screening of Protected at the Film Fanatics society at Petersham Bowling Club where he spoke of seeing the film as a boy and how it opened his eyes to the way " things were different on Palm " . He went on a tour that included Melbourne on 9 August 2008 at the Solidarity Fiesta at the MUA Auditorium he said .... " I 'm not afraid of anything , because ... people like you will get out there and spread the message , tell the truth .
Koufax planned to use the signing bonus as tuition to finish his university education , if his baseball career failed . Because Koufax 's signing bonus was greater than $ 4,000 ( $ 35,000 today ) , he was known as a bonus baby . This forced the Dodgers to keep him on the major league roster for at least two years before he could be sent to the minors . To make room for him , the Dodgers optioned their future Hall of Fame manager , Tommy Lasorda , to the Montreal Royals of the International League . Lasorda would later joke that it took Koufax to keep him off the Dodger pitching staff .
I know that if they couldn 't get me , Michelle and Kim together , [ they wouldn 't do it ] . And I 'd moved straight on to Doctor Who , too . Nobody was available until the following year , by which point Michelle was in Bionic Woman , I was pregnant and Kim was in Cabaret . " Because of this " I never felt it was finished off and I would have loved to have wrapped it up . " She went on to declare her desire to return for a proper resolution . " I 'd love to finish off Chrissie 's storyline because I love the character and I do feel that she was left in limbo .
Both plays ran for 81 performances from December 1905 , and then went on tour . Barrymore continued drinking and lacked discipline , which affected his performances . Ethel was angry with her brother and had the producers fire him from the show , but re hire him the following day , to teach him a lesson . After a tour of the US and Australia with Collier in On the Quiet and The Dictator , Barrymore joined his sister in the 1907 comedy His Excellency the Governor at the Empire Theatre . He received mixed reviews for his performances , and The Wichita Daily Eagle commented that " Barrymore seems to imitate John Drew too much ever to be a good actor .
c ) Our anxieties have been increased by the lightning reoccupation of the Rhineland and the fact that bases for the start of a possible German invasion have been moved near to our frontier . On 24 April 1937 , the French and British delivered a public declaration that Belgium 's security was paramount to the Western Allies and that they would defend their frontiers accordingly against aggression of any sort , whether this aggression was directed solely at Belgium , or as a means of obtaining bases from which to wage war against " other states " . The British and French , under those circumstances , released Belgium from her Locarno obligations to render mutual assistance in the event of German aggression toward Poland , while the British and French maintained their military obligations to Belgium .
His situation at the club led to interest from Serie A clubs Juventus and Lazio and he was later reported to have thrown a pair of scissors at Ajax teammate Zlatan Ibrahimović following an argument in March 2003 . Celta Vigo made a loan offer for Mido in March , which was reported to have fallen through days later as it was not approved by FIFA . However , FIFA eventually allowed the move to go through and it was completed on 18 March . He scored on his Celta Vigo debut against Athletic Bilbao , which Celta won 2 – 1 .
The turbines were powered by 18 Yarrow small tube boilers equally divided among three boiler rooms . The turbines were designed to produce a total of 90,000 shaft horsepower ( 67,000 kW ) at a working pressure of 235 psi ( 1,620 kPa ; 17 kgf / cm2 ) . No significant changes to the machinery were made during the conversion process to any of the three ships , but their increased displacement reduced their speed to approximately 30 knots ( 56 km / h ; 35 mph ) . Furious 's fuel capacity was increased by 700 long tons ( 710 t ) during her reconstruction , which increased her range to 7,480 nautical miles ( 13,850 km ; 8,610 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) .
At the 42nd GMA Dove Awards , " Lift Up Your Face " was nominated for the Dove Award for Rock / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year . On Billboard magazine 's Hot Christian Songs chart , " Lift Up Your Face " debuted at No. 39 for the chart week of August 7 , 2010 . It advanced to No. 30 in its second chart week and to No. 17 in its third . It spent a total of twenty weeks on the chart , peaking at No. 12 . It also peaked at No. 8 on the Billboard Hot Christian AC chart , spending a total of twenty two weeks on that chart , and at No. 2 on the Billboard Christian CHR chart , which it spent twenty one weeks on .
Its diocesan seat is the Saint Peter Cathedral in Erie , which has a 265 feet ( 81 m ) central tower flanked by two 150 feet ( 46 m ) towers . Lawrence Thomas Persico is Bishop of Erie , since October 1 , 2012 ; Donald Trautman is Bishop Emeritus of the diocese . According to the Association of Religion Date Archives , Erie County had a total population of 280,843 people in 2000 , of which 103,333 claimed affiliation with the Catholic Church , 40,301 with mainline Protestant houses of worship , and 12,980 with evangelical Protestant churches .
Along with other senior players , Ambrose was rested from West Indies ' next tour , an ODI tournament in October 1995 , but he returned to play in a three team ODI tournament in Australia in December and January . However , affected by the refusal of Brian Lara to tour following after being fined for his behaviour during the tour of England , the team failed to qualify for the final . Ambrose took ten wickets in the tournament , and took three wickets in consecutive innings ; in the latter game , he was man of the match .
Some Canadian screening releases included the South by Southwest winning trailer Hobo with a Shotgun . Rodriguez wrote Machete in 1993 as a full feature for Danny Trejo . " I had cast him in Desperado and I remember thinking , ' Wow , this guy should have his own series of Mexploitation movies like Charles Bronson or like Jean Claude Van Damme . ' So I wrote him this idea of a federale from Mexico who gets hired to do hatchet jobs in the U.S. I had heard sometimes FBI or DEA have a really tough job that they don 't want to get their own agents killed on , they 'll hire an agent from Mexico to come do the job for $ 25,000 .
In addition to Nike and Chevrolet , the club also has several lower level " platinum " sponsors , including Aon and Budweiser . On 30 July 2012 , United signed a seven year deal with American automotive corporation General Motors , which replaced Aon as the shirt sponsor from the 2014 – 15 season . The new $ 80m a year shirt deal is worth $ 559m over seven years and features the logo of General Motors brand Chevrolet . Nike announced that they would not renew their kit supply deal with Manchester United after the 2014 – 15 season , citing rising costs .
John Goodner , a Houston city council member who represented a district that included Gulfton at that time , said that more demographic changes occurred within his district in the years leading up to 1988 than in any other part of the city . He was referring to the shift in the demographics of various apartment complexes . Goodner said that the complex owners were unconcerned about this development as long as the rent payments were made . Landlords had difficulty filling apartment complexes even if they did not require background checks . Many banks and lending institutions owned foreclosed apartments and failed to properly maintain them , considering it " pouring money down a perceived rat hole .
A music video for the track " Get Away " was filmed in Paris , although it was not officially released as a single . The critical response to the album was mixed to generally positive . Imran Ahmed of the New Musical Express predicted that based on the record , " genius can 't be more than a few albums away " . Contrastingly , entertainment.ie writer Andrew Lynch suggested that Milian needed original ideas . Milian believed that the public expected " a certain thing " from her when she first appeared with Ja Rule , however she wanted to record the type of music she was signed to do .
Harrison references his Beatles past as one of the trappings of the material world and refers by name to former bandmates John Lennon , Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr . The latter played drums on the track , recording for which took place in England between October 1972 and February 1973 , while the other contributing musicians include Jim Horn , Gary Wright and Jim Keltner . In a production that is highly regarded by some commentators , the rock portions of " Living in the Material World " include a slide guitar solo by Harrison , saxophone , two drummers and prominent Hammond organ , whereas the meditative Indian interludes feature flute , Zakir Hussain on tabla , and a rare post Beatle sitar performance by Harrison .
In December , Plymouth ship breaker Sidney Castle won the tender to dismantle the railway . The remaining track was lifted by June 1936 , and in September , surviving loco Lew was shipped to Brazil . The stations and track bed were auctioned in 1938 . The L & B had an exemplary safety record , and no members of the public were killed or injured during its 37 year existence , although accidents at Braunton Road and Chumhill did claim the lives of three track workers . The route of this diminutive railway and the scenery through which it passes , has been described many times , such as in a 1920s guide to the area : ( * Note : Wooda Bay station was actually renamed Woody Bay in 1901 .
Australia went on to complete a dramatic one wicket victory . Harvey had a poor season overall , scoring only 551 first class runs at 32.41 without managing a single century . Harvey started the 1952 – 53 season without a first class century in more than 18 months and in three matches ahead of the Tests , suffered two defeats and was still yet to break his drought . Having failed to score a century in ten Tests and almost three years , the season saw Harvey at his productive best as South Africa , whom he had scored four centuries against three years earlier , toured Australia .
" You need guys who play like dogs up front , like dogs chasing a cat , " Dixon said . The media picked up on the name , which gained traction in part because of the improvement of the Browns ' defense during the regular season . Fans put on face paint and dog masks , and the phenomenon coalesced in rowdy fans in Cleveland Stadium 's cheap bleachers section close to the field . The Dawg Pound , as the section was eventually nicknamed , is a continuing symbol of Cleveland 's dedicated fan base . Despite the defensive improvement , Sipe 's departure left Cleveland 's offense in disarray in 1984 .
George Washington served the Line on the transatlantic route until 1931 when she was laid up in the Patuxent River , Maryland . George Washington was reacquired for Navy use from the United States Maritime Commission on 28 January 1941 and commissioned as USS Catlin ( AP 19 ) on 13 March 1941 . She was named in honor of Brigadier General Albertus W. Catlin , USMC . It was found , however , that the coal burning engines did not give the required speed for protection against submarines , and she was decommissioned on 26 September 1941 . Because of their great need for ships in 1941 , Great Britain took the ship over under Lend Lease on 29 September 1941 as George Washington , but they found after one voyage to Newfoundland that her aging boilers could not safely maintain sufficient steam pressure to drive her otherwise servicable engines .
By December 19 , the number of official US personnel in the city was reduced from 147 to 37 and of the 90 private Americans in the city , half were estimated to have left . Small arms fire became a daily occurrence and stray bullets and shells were landing in the embassy complex . On December 30 , violence escalated significantly as rebel groups entered the city , although the ambassador claimed the nature and extent of the violence was not immediately clear . On December 30 – 31 , diplomats , including many stationed in offices elsewhere in the city , were collected and housed in the ambassador 's residence , the marine house , and the K 7 compound located across Afgoy Road .
Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) begins negotiations to Josh Girard 's ( Lonny Ross ) new contract . Kenneth Parcell ( Jack McBrayer ) becomes the newest member of Tracy Jordan 's ( Tracy Morgan ) entourage . When Josh 's contract is due for renewal , Jack enters negotiation mode . Jack is looking to save money with the negotiations outcome , so Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) warns Josh to be careful . Later , thinking Josh is ill , Liz goes to order some soup and on her way , sees Josh . He meets with a producer from The Daily Show , which angers Liz , who decides to help Jack negotiate .
For smaller applications smaller trucks are used . In Canada pickup trucks are used with snow removal operations with a blade mounted in front and optional de icing equipment installed in the rear . Underbody scrapers are also used by some agencies and are mounted between axles , distributing plowing stresses on the chassis more evenly . In most countries , winter service vehicles usually have amber light bars , which are activated to indicate that the vehicle is operating below the local speed limit or otherwise poses a danger to other traffic , either by straddling lanes or by spreading grit or de icer .
After being subjected to a heavy German artillery bombardment at their form up point , at 8 : 45 pm the battalion attacked from the southern flank under the cover of considerable counter battery fire from the British artillery . After capturing a number of positions and inflicting heavy losses upon the defenders , the Australians were eventually forced to withdraw at around 3 : 00 am on 4 May when it became apparent that they would not be able to complete the advance before daylight . Having lost three men killed , three missing and 51 wounded , at dawn the 2 / 9th Battalion returned to the " Blue Line " , where it took over a defensive position south of Bianca .
He is remembered above all as conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester , which he helped save from dissolution in 1943 and conducted for the rest of his life . Earlier in his career he was Arturo Toscanini 's successor as music director of the New York Philharmonic , serving from 1936 to 1943 . He was also chief conductor of the Houston Symphony from 1961 to 1967 , and was a guest conductor of many other orchestras , including the BBC Symphony Orchestra , London Symphony Orchestra , the Philharmonia , the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic , with all of which he made recordings .
He was born in Nancy , France to Sir Henry Cumming , a general in the British Army and received naval education at the Royal Naval College in Portsmouth . Cumming served as a midshipman in the Mediterranean and North America before being promoted to lieutenant in 1840 for his actions in the Syrian War . He remained with the Mediterranean Fleet until appointed to HMS Frolic , a sloop stationed in South America . Whilst detached from Frolic and in command of a small pinnace on 6 September 1843 Cumming and seven men boarded a Portuguese slave ship , subdued her 27 man crew and brought her back to Rio de Janeiro .
Thayer did carry out an experiment on dazzle camouflage , but it failed to show any reliable advantage over plain paintwork . The American data were analysed by Harold Van Buskirk in 1919 . About 1256 ships were painted in dazzle between 1 March 1918 and the end of the war on 11 November that year . Among American merchantmen 2500 tons and over , 78 uncamouflaged ships were sunk , and only 18 camouflaged ships ; out of these 18 , 11 were sunk by torpedoes , 4 in collisions and 3 by mines . No US Navy ships ( all camouflaged ) were sunk in the period .
Weems then activates a toy Goldberg machine that he made for Richie earlier . The episode 's title is a pun . It refers to both cartoonist Rube Goldberg , who was famous for his drawings of incredibly complex machines made out of everyday objects that performed rudimentary tasks , as well as the harpsichord piece , the " Goldberg Variations " , by Johann Sebastian Bach . The elaborate contraptions Henry Weems created are physical examples of such machines . Episode writer Jeffrey Bell noted that he wanted the episode to function " as a Rube Goldberg device " and so he wrote the story to revolve around the ideas of good luck and bad luck .
During the EuroBasket 2007 , Parker averaged 20.1 points per game and 2.8 assists per game in nine tournament games , but France was defeated in the quarter finals by the Russian national team . He passed the 2010 FIBA World Championship to recover fully from some injuries he had during the 2009 – 10 NBA season . Parker returned to the team in 2011 , and France reached the finals of the 2011 EuroBasket , losing to Spain . Parker also joined the team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . In 2013 , Parker and the French national team won the 2013 FIBA EuroBasket tournament .
Four additional M 2 machine guns with ready boxes were added to the gunwales of each cutter . As the crews arrived from the United States , they began doing required modification work in the shipyard and shakedown sorties in an effort to get all systems working . Night training exercises and gunnery drills were held each day and underway drills and training had been completed and commissary stores loaded by 9 July . A one day survival training course was conducted by Negrito natives and completion was compulsory for all squadron personnel . When it became known that the cutters would be operating in two widely separated locations , Squadron One was divided into two divisions with Division 11 operating in the Gulf of Thailand at An Thoi , Phu Quoc Island and Division 12 operating near the port of Da Nang close to the Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) .
Her pregnancy turns into a scandal as she is betrothed to Sualtam mac Róich , and the Ulstermen suspect Conchobar of being the father , so she aborts the child and goes to her husband 's bed " virgin whole " . She then conceives a son whom she names Sétanta . In the later and better known version of Compert Con Culainn , Deichtine is Conchobar 's sister , and disappears from Emain Macha , the Ulster capital . As in the previous version , the Ulstermen go hunting a flock of magical birds , are overtaken by a snowstorm and seek shelter in a nearby house .
Most logging tramways operated in the Otway Ranges , Gippsland , and the inner east of the Great Dividing Range ; primarily between the 1850s and the 1950s , with only one surviving into the 1960s . They were primarily of 3 ft 6 in ( 1,067 mm ) or 3 ft ( 914 mm ) gauge , with 2 ft ( 610 mm ) , 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) , 4 ft ( 1,219 mm ) , 5 ft 3 in ( 1,600 mm ) and variants also used . Organised railway preservation commenced in Victoria with the formation of the Puffing Billy Preservation Society in 1955 , and operating under the Emerald Tourist Railway Board from 1977 .
It is possible to draw some conclusions about Themistocles 's character . Perhaps his most evident trait was his massive ambition ; " In his ambition he surpassed all men " ; " he hankered after public office rather as a man in delirium might crave a cure " . He was proud and vain , and anxious for recognition of his deeds . His relationship with power was of a particularly personal nature ; while he undoubtedly desired the best for Athens , many of his actions also seem to have been made in self interest . He also appears to have been corrupt ( at least by modern standards ) , and was known for his fondness of bribes .
Though first published in 1790 , it was created over a period of twenty years from 1768 onwards . A companion volume , Fredmans sånger ( Fredman 's Songs ) was published the following year . The Epistles vary widely in style and effect , from Rococo themed pastorale with a cast of gods and demigods from classical antiquity to laments for the effects of Brännvin drinking , tavern scenes , and apparent improvisations . The lyrics , based on the lives of Bellman 's contemporaries in Gustavian age Sweden , describe a gallery of fictional and semi fictional characters and events taking place in Stockholm .
In the US 7th Marine Regiment 's sector , heavy shelling , small arms fire and hand to hand fighting continued around Boulder City into the early morning on 25 July . Chinese infantry had succeeded in breaking through and occupying a large part of the trench line on the forward slopes , and for a while even temporarily occupied the crest . At 01 : 30 Companies G and I , 3rd Battalion , 1st Marines launched a rapid counter attack and by 03 : 30 the American perimeter had been re established , and was subsequently reinforced . By 05 : 30 Hill 119 was secured by the US Marines , although scattered groups of Chinese remained on the forward slopes , while others attempted to reinforce the left flank .
After Duchovny finished his first draft , Carter added additional plot points , such as the inclusion of the Alien Bounty Hunter and retired FBI agent Arthur Dales . The episode title is a play on the novel and movie The Natural . The tagline that appears in the opening credits for this episode is " In the Big Inning " , which serves as a pun on the phrase , " In the beginning " . Jesse L. Martin was the first actor considered to play the part of Exley . Duchovny had first noticed Martin in a production of the musical Rent , and noticed him again during a guest appearance on the Fox legal comedy drama Ally McBeal .
After 1347 , John VI Kantakouzenos tried to revive the Empire , but met with limited success . Aided by the depopulation brought by about by the Black Death , Dušan and his general Preljub took Kantakouzenos ' Macedonian strongholds as well as Epirus and Thessaly in 1347 – 1348 , thereby completing their conquest of the remaining Byzantine lands in mainland Greece . An attempt to break Byzantium 's dependence for food and maritime commerce on the Genoese merchants of Galata led to a Byzantine – Genoese war , which ended in 1352 with a compromise peace . In 1350 , Kantakouzenos took advantage of Dušan 's preoccupation with a war against Bosnia to recover Thessalonica from the Zealots as well as Berroia , Vodena and other Macedonian cities from the Serbs , but the Serbian emperor quickly reversed the Byzantine gains , leaving only Thessalonica in Byzantine hands .
Tarwater was born March 24 , 1984 to Dwight and Mary Tarwater in Knoxville , Tennessee . He grew up in Knoxville , where his father worked as a lawyer . He is the oldest of three children . His grandfather , Richmond Flowers , Sr. , was Attorney General of Alabama from 1963 to 1967 . Tarwater 's uncle , Richmond Flowers , Jr . , was a world champion at the 110 meter hurdles and a safety in the National Football League from 1969 to 1973 . Tarwater had his first swimming lesson at age four . He was reluctant to put his face underwater at first , but after 15 minutes he was swimming freely .
With the assistance of Venezuelan anesthesiologist Pedro Arroyo , Betances performed the first ever surgical procedure under chloroform in Puerto Rico , in November 1862 . At the same time he spent a considerable amount of time serving Mayagüez 's disadvantaged on a pro bono basis . He gave many donations to the poor , and because of this he became known as " The Father of the Poor " among " Mayagüezanos " according to his contemporary , Eugenio María de Hostos . The Dominican Republic had its second war for independence in 1844 , which was successful in obtaining independence from Haiti .
Smith also served as host of the television show This Week in Baseball from 1997 to 1998 . Smith was born in Mobile , Alabama , the second of Clovi and Marvella Smith 's six children ( five boys and one girl ) . While the family lived in Mobile , his father worked as a sandblaster at Brookley Air Force Base . When Smith was six his family moved to the Watts section of Los Angeles . His father became a delivery truck driver for Safeway stores , while his mother became an aide at a nursing home . His mother was an influential part of his life who stressed the importance of education and encouraged him to pursue his dreams .
" The official history of Hut 6 , written immediately after the end of World War II , comments on his early " most vital technical achievement " in finding cribs , and on his " administrative and diplomatic talents " in his later role as head of the section . Milner Barry joined the Treasury in 1945 with the grade of Principal . In 1947 , he married Thelma Tennant Wells , with whom he had a son and two daughters . The same year , he was promoted to Assistant Secretary , and Under secretary in 1954 . Apart from a stint in the Ministry of Health from 1958 – 60 , he remained with the Treasury until 1966 , when , aged 60 , he had reached the normal retirement age for the civil service .
Associated Newspapers claimed they had emails proving the link , and wanted to rely on a defence of fair comment and justification ; Green asserted that the emails were fakes . At the time , the law on injunctions was governed by two cases ; Bonnard v Perryman and Cream Holdings Ltd v Banerjee and the Liverpool Post and Echo Ltd . Bonnard established that " The right of free speech is one which it is for the public interest that individuals should posses , and indeed , that they should exercise without impediment , so long as no wrongful act is done …
The 24 member Big Ten media panel selected him as a first team preseason All Big Ten team member . Turner , nicknamed " The Villain " , opened the season by recording the first triple double by a Big Ten player since January 13 , 2001 , and the second in school history ( Dennis Hopson was the first ) during the Coaches vs. Cancer classic against Alcorn State University . This earned him his fourth career Big Ten player of the week honor and first of the 2009 – 10 Big Ten Conference men 's basketball season . The following week , he ran his streak of double doubles to four to earn back to back player of the week honors .
Aratus of Sicyon , the strategos of the Achaean League , tried to re take Tegea and Orchomenus in a night attack . Efforts from inside the city failed , though , and Aratus quietly retreated , hoping to remain unnoticed . Cleomenes nonetheless discovered the plan and sent a message to Aratus asking about the goal of his expedition . Aratus replied that he had come to stop Cleomenes from fortifying Belbina . Cleomenes responded to this by saying : " If it 's all the same to you , write and tell me why you brought along those torches and ladders .
Palutena bestowed the people with light to make them happy , but Medusa hated the humans , dried up their crop and turned them to stone . Enraged by this , Palutena transformed Medusa into a monster , and banished her to the underworld . Out of revenge , Medusa conspired with the monsters of the underworld to take over Palutena 's residence , the sky temple . She launched a surprise attack , and stole the three sacred treasures — the Mirror Shield , the Light Arrows and the Wings of Pegasus — which deprived Palutena 's army of its power .
Gard left Core Design after completing Tomb Raider , citing a lack of creative freedom and control over marketing decisions related to the ideas he developed ( especially Lara Croft ) . Core Design improved and modified the character with each instalment . Developers for Tomb Raider II increased the number of polygons in the character 's model and added more realistic curves to its design . Other changes included new outfits and manoeuvres . Core Design reportedly planned to implement crawling as a new gameplay option , but the option did not appear until Tomb Raider III . Actress Judith Gibbins took over voice acting responsibilities and stayed on through the third game .
The aerodynamics of a wind turbine are not straightforward . The air flow at the blades is not the same as the airflow far away from the turbine . The very nature of the way in which energy is extracted from the air also causes air to be deflected by the turbine . In addition the aerodynamics of a wind turbine at the rotor surface exhibit phenomena that are rarely seen in other aerodynamic fields . The shape and dimensions of the blades of the wind turbine are determined by the aerodynamic performance required to efficiently extract energy from the wind , and by the strength required to resist the forces on the blade .
The Monadnock 's final height was calculated to be the highest economically viable for a load bearing wall design , requiring walls 6 feet ( 1.8 m ) thick at the bottom and 18 inches ( 46 cm ) thick at the top . Greater height would have required walls of such thickness that they would have reduced the rentable space too greatly . The final height was much dithered over by the owners , but a decision was forced when the city proposed an ordinance restricting the height of buildings to 150 feet ( 46 m ) . To protect future income potential , Aldis sought a permit for a 16 story building immediately .
On July 13 , 2014 , Posey and pitcher Madison Bumgarner hit grand slam home runs against the Arizona Diamondbacks . It marked the first time in Major League Baseball history that a catcher and a pitcher hit grand slams in the same game . On August 29 , 2014 , in a 13 – 2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers at AT & T Park , Posey went 5 for 5 in 6 innings , and became the only catcher in Giants franchise history to have two career five hit games . In the 2014 World Series the Giants defeated the Kansas City Royals in seven games , giving Posey his third ring in five years .
During an effort led , between 1879 and 1881 , by the völkisch historian Heinrich von Treitschke and the court chaplain , Adolf Stoecker to dis emancipate German Jews , the Crown Prince and Crown Princess were in opposition , Victoria writing that she saw " Treitschke and his supporters as lunatics of the most dangerous sort " , and opining that Pastor Stoecker properly belonged in an insane asylum . She went on to write that she felt ashamed of her adopted country because people like Treitschke and Stoecker " behave so hatefully towards people of a different faith and another race who become an integral part ( and by no means the worst ) of our nation !
" Can 't Hold Us Down " lyrically discusses feminism ; the song criticizes the " common " gender related double standards , in which men are applauded for their sexual behaviors , while women who behave in a similar fashion are disdained . In the book Therapeutic Uses of Rap and Hip Hop , Susan Hadley and George Yancy discuss that " Can 't Hold Us Down " is a hip hop song that " encourages young women to be proud , strong , and empowered to be all that they can be " . At the song 's first verse , Aguilera sings " Call me a bitch ' cause I speak what 's on my mind / Guess it 's easier for you to swallow if I sat and smiled " ; she later rejects that all women " should be seen , not heard " and encourages them to " shout louder " during the chorus .
The biodiversity of local oceanic fauna is not well understood . Sea turtles and mammals , including monk seals , fin whales ( only 1 sighting and 5 strandings have been documented in Turkish waters ) , and dolphins are considered to reside in the park area , although regularity of occurrences are unclear . Nature photography is a common activity in the park due to the large variety of flora and fauna , as well as landscape photography due to the mountainous terrain and views . There are several forest trails and high elevation ventures used by hikers and mountaineers respectively .
That tour began on July 31 , 2012 , at the Prairie Capital Convention Center in Springfield , Illinois and ended on September 2 at the Outer Harbor in Buffalo , New York . " What You Want " , the album 's first single , was released digitally on August 9 , 2011 . The song 's lyrics are about freedom , one of Evanescence 's themes . It debuted at number one on the UK Rock Chart , making Evanescence the artist with the most number one singles on the chart in 2011 . " What You Want " peaked at numbers 68 and 72 on the Billboard Hot 100 and UK Singles Chart , respectively .
However , the authors believed the film expands beyond disabilities and explores the " present age where everyone is in a restless hurry " . The pair wrote , " This film raises serious questions on mental health perspectives . We seem to be heading to a state of mass scale mindlessness even as children are being pushed to ' perform ' . Are we seriously getting engrossed in the race of ' achievement ' and blissfully becoming numb to the crux of life i.e. , experiencing meaningful living in a broader frame rather than merely existing ? " The film depicts how " threats and coercion are not capable of unearthing rich human potentialities deeply embedded in children " , and that teachers should instead map their strengths and weakness .
It would often remove entire sections of these films and add material such as medical reels that lent itself to sensational promotion . Babb went on the road with a Cox and Underwood concoction titled Dust to Dust , a reworking of High School Girl with a childbirth scene added to the end . Its profits allowed Cox and Underwood to retire from the business , leaving Babb to start his own company , Hygienic Productions . He opened it near his childhood home in Wilmington , Ohio , and hired booking agents and advance salesmen along with out of work actors and comedians to present repackaged films and new features .
Silver sulfadiazine ( a type of antibiotic ) is not recommended as it potentially prolongs healing time . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dressings containing silver or negative pressure wound therapy . Burns can be very painful and a number of different options may be used for pain management . These include simple analgesics ( such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen ) and opioids such as morphine . Benzodiazepines may be used in addition to analgesics to help with anxiety . During the healing process , antihistamines , massage , or transcutaneous nerve stimulation may be used to aid with itching .
A compromise by the mayor was adopted by the city council on April 24 , 1989 , to allow both names to be used on the street . This dual naming arrangement was dropped by the city council on March 28 , 1994 , removing the " Logan Street " name from the street after two years of debate . Officials from the City of Lansing and MDOT announced a two year , $ 22 million project ( in 2003 , equivalent to $ 31 million in 2015 ) to reconstruct the Capitol Loop on May 22 , 2003 . The project would have closed downtown streets in 2004 and 2005 after preparatory work in late 2003 .
These fed target data to the new Fuze Keeping Clock , an analogue fire control system that calculated the gunnery information for the guns . The ship also received a HF / DF radio direction finder at the top of her foremast . Her short range AA armament was augmented by two 20 mm ( 0.8 in ) Oerlikon guns on the wings of the ship 's bridge , a pair on the enlarged searchlight platform and , probably , another pair were added on the quarterdeck . When she was converted into an escort destroyer in late 1943 , ' B ' gun was replaced by a Hedgehog anti submarine spigot mortar and stowage was increased for a total of 70 depth charges which meant that ' Y ' gun and the 12 pounder AA gun had to be removed to compensate for the weight .
Elections are held every five years , with the next to be held in March 2019 . Alanya also has a deputy mayor , who often represents the city at its sporting events , and together the mayor and his team represent Alanya in the provincial assembly in Antalya . Alanya District is divided up into 17 municipalities , including the city center , and 92 villages . Alanya is greatly influenced by the provincial government in Antalya , and the national government in Ankara , which appoints a governor for the district , currently Dr. Hulusi Doğan . Although Alanya has been part of Antalya Province since the Ottoman Empire , many local politicians have advocated a separate Alanya Province , a position supported by associations of foreign residents .
The typical six- or seven storey timbered London tenement houses had " jetties " ( projecting upper floors ) . They had a narrow footprint at ground level , but maximised their use of land by " encroaching " on the street , as a contemporary observer put it , with the gradually increasing size of their upper storeys . The fire hazard was well perceived when the top jetties all but met across the narrow alleys ; " as it does facilitate a conflagration , so does it also hinder the remedy " , wrote one observer — but " the covetousness of the citizens and connivancy [ corruption ] of Magistrates " worked in favour of jetties .
The crown also appointed the court chirographer , responsible for noting final concords and filing records of fines . Another high ranking clerk was the Clerk of the Outlawries , an under clerk of the Attorney General for England and Wales , who was tasked with recording recognizances to protect the interests of the King in common law matters . In 1541 his position was replaced with the office of Clerk of the King 's Process . Other offices created during the reign of Henry VIII include the Clerk of the Recognizances in 1432 , who recorded debts secured by recognizances and the office of Receiver of Debts , who was tasked with receiving and recording money coming into the court via debts and fines , and was first appointed in 1536 .
Operation Effective was scheduled for 22 April . Meanwhile , Devers took steps to delay the French advance . The Alsos Mission had learned that the uranium ores that had been taken from Belgium in 1944 had been shipped to the Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft ( WiFO ) plant in Staßfurt . The 83rd Infantry Division captured this on 15 April . As it was in the occupation zone allocated to the Soviet Union at the Yalta Conference , the Alsos Mission , led by Pash and accompanied by Lansdale , Perrin and Air Commodore Sir Charles Hambro , arrived on 17 April to remove anything of interest .
Justice Antonin Scalia was present during oral arguments . He passed away in February , voiding his vote in the initial vote on the case 's outcome and precluding any draft opinion he may have written from being published by the Court . The Court 's 6 2 opinion was delivered on April 20 , 2016 . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote the majority opinion , which held that § 8772 does not infringe on the separation of powers between the legislative and judicial branches of government , considering also that the law is an exercise of congressional authority regarding foreign affairs .
Equivalently , the derivative satisfies the property that <formula> which has the intuitive interpretation ( see Figure 1 ) that the tangent line to f at a gives the best linear approximation <formula> to f near a ( i.e. , for small h ) . This interpretation is the easiest to generalize to other settings ( see below ) . Substituting 0 for h in the difference quotient causes division by zero , so the slope of the tangent line cannot be found directly using this method . Instead , define Q ( h ) to be the difference quotient as a function of h : <formula> Q ( h ) is the slope of the secant line between ( a , f ( a ) ) and ( a + h , f ( a + h ) ) .
The organization predicted 13 named storms , including 7 hurricanes , and an ACE index of 122 . On June 1 , Klotzbach 's team issued their updated forecast for the 2012 season , predicting thirteen named storms and five hurricanes , of which two of those five would further intensify into major hurricanes . The university stated that there was a high amount of uncertainty concerning whether or not an El Niño would develop in time to hinder tropical development in the Atlantic basin . They also stated there was a lower than average chance of a major hurricane impacting the United States coastline in 2012 .
In September , Louis visited Cracow to attend the large congress where Peter I of Cyprus attempted to persuade a dozen European monarchs to join the crusade . Louis was the only monarch to promise assistance , but later failed to fulfill his promise . At the congress , Casimir III of Poland confirmed Louis 's right to succeed him in Poland if he died without a male issue . Louis , who had not fathered a son either , invited a distant relative of his , Charles of Durazzo , to Hungary in 1364 , but did not make the young prince his official heir .
In September 2010 , during a webchat with her fansite Rihannadaily.com , Rihanna announced that the album would be called Loud , saying " get Loud everybody , get crazy , get excited , because I 'm pumped . I 'm just gonna be me , because that 's what you guys love the most , and that 's what makes me feel best . Just being normal , normal for me is Loud ! Sassy , fun , flirty , energetic . " While Rihanna was filming Battleship , she explained in an interview with Entertainment Tonight , " Loud is , the word , the name of the album definitely reflects the attitude of it , it 's really sassy and flirty and it grabs your attention and that 's why I enjoy it .
But hey one lives in hope . " The voice actor who plays Angry Dad in the episode was portrayed by Dan Castellaneta , who also does the voice for Homer among other characters in the series . The design of the character is also based on Castellaneta . The title of the episode is a parody of 1967 Swedish art house film I Am Curious ( Yellow ) . The episode references the dot com bubble , a speculative bubble covering roughly 1995 – 2000 . In their article " 15 Simpsons Moments That Perfectly Captured Their Eras " , Genevieve Koski , Josh Modell , Noel Murray , Sean O 'Neal , Kyle Ryan and Scott Tobias of The A.V. Club wrote : " By April 2002 , the dot com bubble of the late ' 90s had been popped for a couple of years , taking with it myriad Internet start ups .
The library 's origins date back to 1908 , when the people of the Woodstock neighborhood established a reading room at the Woodstock Fire Station , which soon became one of fifteen " deposit stations " ( packing crates that turned into two shelf bookcases and could hold up to 50 books each ) . The Woodstock collection began as an assemblage of children 's books and was housed within a public school . In 1911 , the station was replaced by a " sub branch " library offering more books for adults and children , but without the reference works and services available at regular branches .
In response to the Revolution Muslim post , the South Park episode " 201 " , which aired the following week and concluded the unresolved storylines from " 200 " , was heavily censored by Comedy Central . The channel inserted audio bleeps over all references to Muhammad 's name and other portions of dialogue , including the entirety of the ending speech by the show 's main characters . The Dutch version of Comedy Central began airing commercials for " 200 " during the week of April 26 , with the show scheduled to air on April 30 . However , " The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs " was shown instead .
The court ordered Grotrian Steinweg to stop selling pianos in the US under the " Steinweg " name . Afterward , the company formed a business entity named Grotrian Piano Company , through which it sells pianos in North America . On 13 January 1803 , Georg Friedrich Karl Grotrian , called Friedrich , was born in Schöningen , Germany . He settled in Moscow to sell pianos , beginning around 1830 . He joined a partnership in a small piano making firm based in Saint Petersburg , and included these pianos among the various instruments he sold in his successful Moscow music shop .
First introduced into the United States Congress in 1999 , a number of congressional committees have heard testimony on the bill ; however , it has not moved from committee and has yet to have any effect on the tax system . In recent years , a tax reform movement has formed behind the FairTax proposal . Attention increased after talk radio personality Neal Boortz and Georgia Congressman John Linder published The FairTax Book in 2005 and additional visibility was gained in the 2008 presidential campaign . As defined in the proposed legislation , the tax rate is 23 % for the first year .
The United Nations Security Council brokered the Renville Agreement in an attempt to rectify the collapsed Linggarjati Agreement . The agreement was ratified in January 1948 and recognised a cease fire along the so called ' Van Mook line ' ; an artificial line which connected the most advanced Dutch positions . Many Republican positions , however , were still held behind the Dutch lines . The agreement also required referenda to be held on the political future of the Dutch held areas . The apparent reasonableness of Republicans garnered much important American goodwill . Diplomatic efforts between the Netherlands and the Republic continued throughout 1948 and 1949 .
Chalapathi Rao and Jagannadham were the production executives . Initially , Venkata Reddy had Akkineni Nageswara Rao in mind for the lead role . He later wanted to cast Raja Reddy in the lead role but replaced him with N. T. Rama Rao in the last minute , who made his debut by playing a minor character in Mana Desam ( 1949 ) . Rama Rao was eventually signed as a part of his four film contract with Vijaya Vauhini Studios after Venkata Reddy was impressed with Rama Rao when he met him on the sets of Samsaram ( 1950 ) .
" Rehab " reached top ten positions on the singles charts in Austria , Germany , the Netherlands and Norway . It reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart and number 18 on the US Billboard magazine 's Hot 100 . It was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . Anthony Mandler directed the accompanying music video , which was shot in Vasquez Rocks Park , near Los Angeles . It won the Urban Music Award for Best Music Video . Rihanna performed " Rehab " on the Good Girl Gone Bad Tour ( 2007 – 09 ) , and occasionally on the Last Girl on Earth ( 2010 – 11 ) .
Hubbard lived over a hundred miles from the Blackfeet reservation . While some sources support Scientology 's claim of Hubbard 's blood brotherhood , other sources say that the tribe did not practice blood brotherhood and no evidence has been found that he had ever been a Blackfeet blood brother . During the 1920s the Hubbards repeatedly relocated around the United States and overseas . After Hubbard 's father Harry rejoined the Navy , his posting aboard the USS Oklahoma in 1921 required the family to relocate to the ship 's home ports , first San Diego , then Seattle .
Three weeks later , London and Kendrick competed against William Regal and Dave Taylor . Deuce ' n Domino interfered , causing Regal and Taylor to be disqualified . This made both teams number one contenders leading to a triple threat tag team match the following week where Deuce ' n Domino retained the tag title . At the July event , Vengeance : Night of Champions , after insulting former Tag Team Champions Tony Garea and Rick Martel , Deuce ' n Domino defeated Sgt. Slaughter and " Superfly " Jimmy Snuka to retain their title . During a tag team match with Cryme Tyme ( Shad Gaspard and JTG ) in late June , Domino suffered an injury , which was diagnosed as a broken nose and a possible broken orbital bone socket in his eye .
This purchase , however , was not processed until 15 January 1919 . Spain 's Comisión de Experiencias , Proyectos y Comprobación del Material de Guerra ( Experiences , Projects and Confirmation Commission ) issued a formal order for an FT , armed with a 37 millimeter ( 1.5 in ) cannon , and days later extended the order to include another three cannon armed tanks , and another FT armed with a machine gun . On 5 March the order was authorized and then extended further to include two more FTs , armed with the 37 millimeter ( 1.5 in ) cannon .
Simmons says that , after reading the script , he would have been happy to play even the high school teacher who has no speaking lines . Other cast members Reitman had " in mind right from the start " were Olivia Thirlby — who had originally unsuccessfully auditioned for the role of Juno — and Michael Cera . He took them with Page and Simmons to a Panavision stage in California and shot 45 pages of the script on 35 mm film against a black backdrop . He presented this footage to Fox Searchlight as the initial cast . Reitman highlighted the importance of doing a screen test instead of individual auditions , saying : " This is a movie that ’ s all about relationships and the idea of auditioning people outside of each other , one on one with the casting director , didn ’ t make sense .
It is operated by the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs rather than the Chicago Park District , which operates most major public ice skating rinks in Chicago . For the rest of the year , it serves as Plaza at Park Grill or Park Grill Plaza , Chicago 's largest outdoor dining facility . The 150 seat park grill hosts various culinary events as well as music during its months of outdoor operation , and it is affiliated with the 300 seat indoor Park Grill restaurant located beneath AT & T Plaza and Cloud Gate . The outdoor restaurant offers scenic views of the park .
The songs were released on compact disc in 1992 and 1997 as Pahojen poikien lauluja 1 – 2 ( " Bad Boys ' Songs 1 – 2 " ) and Porno ooppera / Pahojen poikien lauluja 3 ( " Porn Opera / Bad Boys ' Songs 3 " ) . Both records went gold . In 1982 Vainio collaborated with bodybuilder Kike Elomaa when they sang together on the single Kunto nousee sullakin ( " You 'll Get in Shape Too " ) , with lyrics by Vainio . The B side of the single was Pokkana ja paikallaan ( " Serious and Still " ) , sung by Elomaa alone .
Late on October 17 , wind shear increased once more as Omar tracked over waters below 26 ° C ( 79 ° F ) . Around 0000 UTC on October 18 , Omar weakened to a tropical storm as deep convection associated with it dissipated . Twelve hours later , while still producing tropical storm force winds , the storm degenerated into a remnant low pressure area . The remnants of Omar persisted until 0600 UTC on October 21 when it dissipated about 805 mi ( 1,295 km ) west of the Azores . On October 15 , the governor of the United States Virgin Islands announced the final preparations for Hurricane Omar as he signed a State of Emergency declaration for the territory .
" While executive agreements were not mentioned in the Constitution , Congress authorized them for delivery of the mail as early as 1792 . Constitutional scholars note that the supremacy clause was designed to protect the only significant treaty into which the infant United States had entered : the Treaty of Paris of 1783 , which ended the Revolutionary War and under which Great Britain recognized the thirteen former colonies as thirteen independent and fully sovereign states . Nonetheless , its wording ignited fear of the potential abuse of the treaty power from the beginning . For example , the North Carolina ratifying convention that approved the Constitution did so with a reservation asking for a constitutional amendment that No treaties which shall be directly opposed to the existing laws of the United States in Congress assembled shall be valid until such laws shall be repealed , or made conformable to such treaty ; nor shall any treaty be valid which is contradictory to the Constitution of the United States .
They also decide to include " Somebody to Love " as their closer , but are stuck for a third piece until Finn arrives with new sheet music for the group , ready to perform with them . Rachel gives a solo performance of " Don 't Rain on My Parade " , receiving a standing ovation after finishing . The group then performs " You Can 't Always Get What You Want " by the Rolling Stones , to the applause and cheers of the audience . After their performance , Grace attempts to confess her duplicity to the judges , but they have already unanimously decided that New Directions has won the competition .
George placed B. epica in B. subg . Banksia , because its inflorescences are typical Banksia flower spikes ; B. sect . Banksia because of its straight styles ; and B. ser . Cyrtostylis because it has slender flowers . He considered its closest relatives to be B. praemorsa ( cut leaf banksia ) and B. media , both of which have shorter flowers and smaller pollen presenters than B. epica . In addition , B. praemorsa differs in having a hairless perianth , and B. media has larger , more undulate leaves . In 1996 , Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published the results of a cladistic analysis of morphological characters of Banksia .
Perhaps I would have ended up in prison . Not that I had done anything but many other people ended up in prison following 1956 without committing any crime . " He arrived in the Austrian town of Eisenstadt where buses were waiting to take refugees to their new homes . Racz chose the bus to England , and he along with his family and other members of his group were transported to a military base in the Midlands . In 1957 , as a former Hungarian medical student , Racz received a scholarship to attend second year medical school in Liverpool , England .
; he was replaced with former Despised Icon guitarist , Al Glassman . On May 1 , 2009 , the band announced that they completed recording their second studio album , Ruination , at AudioHammer studios in Sanford , Florida with producer Jason Suecof . The album marks the debut of drummer Jon " the Charn " Rice , who has actually been with the band since the tour for Genesis , and also of guitarist Al Glassman . Ruination , was then released on July 7 , 2009 worldwide through Metal Blade Records . The album sold around 10,600 copies in the United States in its first week of release to debut at position No. 42 on the Billboard 200 chart .
Unfortunately for Zeballos , his plan was leaked to the media , and the resulting public outcry — Argentine citizens happened to not be in favor of their government borrowing large sums of money to mobilize the army and go to war — ensured his resignation . The Argentine government was also deeply concerned with the possible effect on the country 's large export trade , as a Brazilian blockade of the entrance to the River Plate would cripple the Argentine economy . The acquisition of dreadnoughts to maintain an equal footing with Brazil would , in the words of the Argentine admiral overseeing his countries ' dreadnoughts while they were being constructed , avoid a " preponderance of power on the other side , where a sudden gust of popular feeling or injured pride might make [ a blockade ] a dangerous weapon against us .
The introduction of the CIP brought an unprecedented new level of economic liberalism and capitalism , and at first , the entrepreneurial class struggled to meet the challenges of a deregulated market , leading to a series of significant shortages and surpluses of various goods due to their inexperience in judging market forces and resultant imbalances in the economy . Initially 25,000 applications for import licenses were received , many from speculators . In the early years of the initiative , a proportion of the US funding for the CIP came through the proceeds of the sale of surplus American agricultural products to France .
It is a producer of agricultural produce such as millets , ghee ( clarified butter ) , oilseeds , and salt , which are transported from its port . A long term development plan was proposed in 2011 with investment of ₹ 830 million to refurbish the city of Dwarka and to build a bridge connecting the city with Okha and Bet Dwarka . A wind farm power generation of 39.2 MW , operated near Dwarka by the AES Saurashtra Windfarms Pvt Ltd ( ASW ) , is now run by Tata Power Renewable Energy Ltd ( TPREL ) . Dwarka 's industrial activity mainly centres around cement production .
Originally called the Brown House , it was designed by architect T.A. Allen , and built in 1913 by local builders , Love & Sons . The estate was constructed around the Weybridge Golf Club , which was designed in 1912 by Harry Colt . John Lennon , of The Beatles , bought Kenwood for £ 20,000 on 15 July 1964 , on the advice of The Beatles ' accountants , Dr Walter Strach and James Isherwood . Lennon was resident from the summer of 1964 , until the late spring of 1968 . Film of the exterior of the house and the gate was included in an ITN programme called Reporting 66 , in 1966 .
Cancellara commented that he felt " free as a bird " in the Amstel , riding it for the first time since 2004 , and that he was not under pressure to get a result . He identified Philippe Gilbert as the main favorite for the race , and promised not to ride against him as he felt his rivals had done to him in the cobbled classics . The race took place two days after Fränk Schleck 's 30th birthday , further intensifying it as a goal for him . Cancellara and both Schleck brothers effectively stayed at the front of the race most of the day , but Cancellara and Fränk Schleck lost contact after crashing on the Gulperberg 28 km ( 17 mi ) from the finish .
The idea of waiting for a good job , earned through working from the bottom up , frequently upsets and frustrates emerging adults in today 's society . This desire for immediate gratification is not only found in workplaces , but also in interpersonal relationships . Current studies show that 45 % of marriages will end in divorce . Without the ability to delay gratification people are more apt to end relationships rather than work on them . Our society today makes it increasingly easy to receive instant gratification . " We have devalued the time we spend alone just thinking , but it 's that time for reflection that leads to the big ideas ... Multitasking is espoused and almost glorified in the United States , but it is dehumanizing us and making us less creative .
The O 2 continues west to Edirne and the O 4 continues east to Ankara ; the O 2 , O 3 , and O 4 are part of European route E80 ( the Trans European Motorway ) between Portugal and the Turkish – Iranian border . The two Bosphorus Bridges are currently the only road crossings between the Asian and European sides of Turkey , together carrying 400,000 vehicles each day . The dual deck , 14.6 kilometer ( 9.1 mi ) Eurasia Tunnel is currently under construction beneath the Bosphorus , between Fatih and Üsküdar . A third Bosphorus bridge , first considered in the 1990s , may also finally be coming to fruition , as construction of the Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge was officially launched in 2013 .
The " Rachel " is often ranked among the greatest and most iconic hairstyles of all time , with Redbook placing it at number four and Time ranking it ninth . The Huffington Post determined that the hairstyle is one of " The Most Famous TV Hairstyles Of All Time " . US Weekly ranked the " Rachel " the 17th most iconic hairstyle . Glamour magazine ranked the " Rachel " fourth on the magazine 's list of " The 100 Best Hairstyles of All Time " . Meanwhile , Glamour also cited it among " The very best hair to have graced the small screen " , while ranking it the most memorable hairstyle in television history .
Lumber yards , groceries stores , and hardware stores reported unusually high demand for emergency supplies , though certain smaller businesses closed early . Gasoline stations in the region " were doing bumper to bumper business " . Farther to the south , in the Florida Keys , an emergency operations center was opened in response to the storm . In Nassau , Bahamas , Isidore produced flooding rains and gales . There , the storm forced the closure of schools and banks . Heavy precipitation fell throughout the island chain , but no serious damage was reported . Winds from Isidore gusted to 73 mph ( 117 km / h ) in the St. Augustine , Florida area .
He practices pickoff moves and coordinates signals with the first basemen to indicate when he is primed to move for a pickoff throw . In 2012 , a Sports Illustrated poll of 306 players found that Molina was the " toughest catcher to run on . " As the publication Viva El Birdos wrote , " Yadier Molina broke into the majors as a light hitting defensive specialist " , who hit mostly singles . Molina pushed to shed the light hitter label he had in common with his brothers . A fidgeter with his batting stance early in his career , Molina mimicked and vacillated between more accomplished hitters such as Andrés Galarraga and Albert Pujols .
As Maxwell sailed from his home in Scotland to London to make preparations for his departure , he was suddenly taken ill . Medical assistance was unavailable for 48 hours during the passage , and the weather too rough for him to go ashore in an open boat in his condition . As a result , Maxwell died shortly after arriving at Green 's Hotel in Lincoln 's Inn Fields , London ; Colonel Aretas William Young took his place as governor . Maxwell was buried at St Marylebone Parish Church , and was survived by his wife and their son John Balfour Maxwell , who died in 1874 as an admiral of the Royal Navy .
B 'alaj Chan K 'awiil was installed on the throne of the new outpost at the age of four , in 635 , and for many years served as a loyal vassal fighting for his brother , the king of Tikal . In AD 648 Calakmul attacked Dos Pilas and gained an overwhelming victory that included the death of a Tikal lord . B 'alaj Chan K 'awiil was captured by Yuknoom Che 'en II but , instead of being sacrificed , he was re instated on his throne as a vassal of the Calakmul king , and went on to attack Tikal in 657 , forcing Nuun Ujol Chaak , the then king of Tikal , to temporarily abandon the city .
Koch returned to the East Indies operation , and on 30 January 1942 , when in command of Corio , he was shot down off Timor by seven Japanese Zeros whilst carrying out a relief flight to Surabaya , Dutch East Indies . Of the eighteen people on board , five survived . Koch was wounded by gunfire in the left leg and left arm , and broke his right leg in the subsequent crash landing . Despite the injuries , he swam about five miles to the shore where he was looked after by local people , until the Dutch Navy found the survivors some days later , and rescued them with a Dornier flying boat .
Given that the gallows were still in regular use , it was felt that " thou shalt not kill " would have been hypocritical . The Catholic Chapel was put into the upper northern Association Ward in 1861 . The floor has evidence of its former use for communal prisoner accommodation , in the form of mortices for hammock rails and a convict painted mural which decorates its wall . Fremantle Prison 's New Division was constructed between 1904 and 1907 , as a response to overcrowding . The division continues the façade alignment of the main block . The building , L shaped in plan , is three storeys high of regular coursed pale ashlar limestone blocks with rock face .
It has whitish stripes on its flanks , a long grey bill and grey legs . In flight , the wings are brown above and black below , with no white markings , and a white crescent on the rump contrasts with the black tail . All plumages are fairly similar , but the female is slightly smaller and duller plumaged than the male . The juvenile has paler underparts , and appears generally duller , especially on the flanks . There is a complete wing moult after breeding , and birds then seek the cover of dense wetland vegetation while they are flightless .
The package design won an honorable mention at a packaging industry design competition hosted by the Quick Service Restaurant division of the Foodservice and Packaging Institute in 2007 . The 2015 Fiery Chicken Fries promotion introduced a packaging variant that featured new graphics . The image featured on the box is an angry looking chicken in a Lucha libre style mask . Other packaging variants that have appeared over the years have included tie ins to the NFL and SpongeBob SquarePants . Coq Roq , also spelled COQ ROQ , was an advertising program created in late 2004 for Burger King by the Miami based advertising firm Crispin Porter + Bogusky ( CP + B ) .
She won the WWF Women 's Championship on July 3 , 1986 when she defeated Moolah at the Brisbane Festival Hall on the WWF 's 1986 Australian tour , but re lost the title to Moolah six days later at the Sydney Entertainment Centre ( the only two times the WWF Women 's Championship changed hands in the Southern Hemisphere ) . Years later , Moolah called McIntyre the best female wrestler in Canada . In 1987 , McIntyre consistently lost matches to Moolah and Sherri Martel . She also competed at the Survivor Series , teaming with Moolah , Rockin ' Robin , and the Jumping Bomb Angels against Martel , Leilani Kai , Judy Martin , Donna Christanello , and Dawn Marie .
Blake was livid , but agreed only if Plante removed the mask when his face was healed . Wearing the mask , Plante led the Canadiens on an 18 game unbeaten streak . He finally removed the mask at Blake 's urging and promptly lost the next game . Defeated , Blake relented . Plante 's mask became a permanent fixture as he led the Canadiens to their fifth consecutive Stanley Cup . Other goalies followed Plante 's lead soon after . When the NHL instituted the NHL Amateur Draft in 1963 , the Canadiens were given the option to replace their regular first selection with two " Cultural Picks " that could be used to draft up to two French Canadian players before any other team made any selections .
His successor Henry IV went even further , introducing the death penalty for heresy and for possession of a bible . Despenser took active steps to maintain orthodoxy in his own diocese . The chronicler Thomas Walsingham praised Henry 's actions against the Lollards and contrasted him with his fellow bishops : " He swore , moreover , and did not repent of what he said , that if anyone belonging to that perverse sect should presume to preach in his diocese , they should be taken to the fire or beheaded . Consequently , having understood this , no one belonging to that tendency had any desire to embrace martyrdom , with the result that , up to now , the faith and true religion have remained unaffected within the bounds of his episcopal authority .
As the magma , which is significantly hotter than the boiling point of water , comes into contact with water an insulating vapor film forms ( Leidenfrost effect ) . Eventually this vapor film will collapse leading to direct coupling of the cold water and hot magma . This increases the heat transfer which leads to the rapid expansion of water and fragmentation of the magma into small particles which are subsequently ejected from the volcanic vent . Fragmentation causes an increase in contact area between magma and water creating a feedback mechanism , leading to further fragmentation and production of fine ash particles .
The singles taken from this album were " Robot Rock " , " Technologic " , " Human After All " , and " The Prime Time of Your Life " . The earliest official statement from Daft Punk concerning the album was " we believe that Human After All speaks for itself . " A Daft Punk anthology CD / DVD titled Musique Vol . 1 1993 – 2005 was released on 4 April 2006 . It contains music videos for " Robot Rock ( Maximum Overdrive ) " and " The Prime Time of Your Life " directed by Daft Punk and Tony Gardner , respectively .
But that kid could 've been of any ethnicity but they made the effort to make him Asian - just a little color , you know , and it 's really wonderful when that kind of thing happens where they don 't have to play that up and make it like a thing or a joke , which happens a lot . " Up won two awards at the 82nd Academy Awards , for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score . It is the second of three animated features to have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture .
In danger of being arrested and unable to get a passport to go to Russia , Reed , disguised as a stoker , left the U.S. in late September 1919 on a Scandinavian ship headed for Europe . During the Palmer Raids and Red Scare days beginning in November 1919 , he would be charged with conspiring to overthrow the government by force . Succeeding in reaching Moscow , he was arrested and incarcerated in Finland in March 1920 on his way home . Three months later , he was returned to Moscow in a prisoner exchange between the White ( anti Bolshevik ) Finns of the Finnish Civil War and the Bolsheviks .
Many smaller cacti have globe shaped stems , combining the highest possible volume for water storage , with the lowest possible surface area for water loss from transpiration . The tallest [ 1 ] free standing cactus is Pachycereus pringlei , with a maximum recorded height of 19.2 m ( 63 ft ) , and the smallest is Blossfeldia liliputiana , only about 1 cm ( 0.4 in ) in diameter at maturity . A fully grown saguaro ( Carnegiea gigantea ) is said to be able to absorb as much as 200 U.S. gallons ( 760 l ; 170 imp gal ) of water during a rainstorm .
Players do not need to gather every egg to complete the main portion of the game or gain access to new levels ; in fact , certain eggs can only be found by returning to the world at a later time . Gems are scattered across the worlds , hidden in crates and jars . These gems are used to bribe a bear named Moneybags to release captured " critters " and activate things which help Spyro progress through levels ( Such as bridges ) . Gems , along with the number of eggs collected , count to the total completion percentage of the game .
Wacht was sunk , but the crew was safely evacuated and neither ship suffered casualties . During the maneuvers , Wacht attempted to pass between Sachsen and Württemberg . However , Wacht 's helmsman misjudged the distance and passed too closely in front of Sachsen . Sachsen immediately attempted to reverse course to avoid ramming the ship , but the two vessels collided . Sachsen 's ram bow tore a large hole in Wacht , which began to slowly sink . The battleship Weissenburg attempted to tow Wacht to shallow water , but several of Wacht 's internal bulkheads collapsed under the strain and the ship quickly sank .
One show featured a guest appearance by Metallica drummer ( and Mustaine 's former bandmate ) Lars Ulrich . The band was added to the Monsters of Rock European tour , but left after the first show due to Ellefson 's drug problems , for which he was treated immediately . Shortly after the Monsters of Rock appearance , Mustaine fired Behler and Young and canceled Megadeth 's scheduled Australian tour . " On the road , things escalated from a small border skirmish into a full on raging war " , Mustaine later recalled . " I think a lot of us were inconsistent [ on the 1988 tour ] because of the guy we were waiting for after the show .
The New South Wales waratah had been considered to be protandrous ( that is , with male parts concluding sexual activity before female parts become receptive on the same plant ) , but analysis of the timing of pollen viability and stigma receptivity has shown significant overlaps . The species has been shown to be self incompatible , requiring cross pollination with plants of other genotypes to reproduce successfully . The New South Wales waratah was a popular garden plant at the beginning of the 20th century . It had been introduced early ( 1789 ) into the United Kingdom , and was reported flowering for the first time in 1809 at Springwell , the villa of one E. J. A. Woodford Esq .
In 1927 , Route 6 was legislated to run from Delaware east to the George Washington Bridge , replacing portions of Routes 5 and 12 and paralleling the former Route 10 , which itself became Route 5 and Route 10N , the latter being shortly removed from the state highway system . In 1936 , US 46 was designated to run from US 611 in Portland , Pennsylvania east to the George Washington Bridge . The route replaced Pennsylvania Route 987 to the Delaware Bridge over the Delaware , and from there followed Route 6 across New Jersey . In 1953 , the Route 6 designation was removed from US 46 in New Jersey , and later that year , the route was realigned to end at US 611 in Columbia , New Jersey , replacing a part of Route 94 .
Newport News Shipbuilding operates The Apprentice School , a vocational school teaching various shipyard and related trades . Thomas Nelson Community College serves as the community college . Located in neighboring Hampton and in nearby Williamsburg , Thomas Nelson offers college and career training programs . Most institutions in the Hampton Roads areas are home to a variety of students but commuter students make up a large portion . Newport News has an elaborate transportation network , including interstate and state highways , bridges and a bridge tunnel , freight and passenger railroad service , local transit bus and intercity bus service , and a commercial airport .
The 1965 – 66 season was one of the best ( but painful ) periods for Nea Salamina ; the team arguably played the best football in Cyprus . The team contended for the championship until the last game of the season and lose its first cup final . In a game against APOEL at the old GSP stadium , Nea Salamina was leading 3 – 0 . In the 62nd minute , an APOEL player hit a Nea Salamina 's player ; an APOEL grabbed and hid a linesman 's flag . The game was halted , and the CFA ordered a rematch .
His jeep bore oversized rank placards on the front and back , as well as a klaxon horn which would loudly announce his approach from afar . He proposed a new uniform for the emerging Tank Corps , featuring polished buttons , a gold helmet , and thick , dark padded suits ; the proposal was derided in the media as " the Green Hornet , " and was rejected by the Army . Historian Alan Axelrod wrote that " for Patton , leadership was never simply about making plans and giving orders , it was about transforming oneself into a symbol .
The US Navy painted some ships dark gray with white structures above bridge level . Both the US Navy and the Royal Navy painted ships dark gray on the hull and light gray on the superstructure and turrets . USN measure 12 was a graded system with sea blue low on the hull below the first continuous deck , with ocean gray above that . The top of the masts were painted haze gray . This measure was modified with ocean gray above navy blue low on the hull below the first continuous deck ( painted parallel to the waterline rather than the main deck ) .
Due to a decrease in demand , the Tammiku and Sompa mines closed in 1999 and those at Kohtla and Ahtme closed in 2001 . In 1995 , state owned shale oil producers in Kohtla Järve and Kiviõli were merged into the single company named RAS Kiviter . In 1997 , Kiviter was privatized and a year later it declared insolvency . Its factories in Kohtla Järve and Kiviõli were sold separately and new oil producers – Viru Keemia Grupp and Kiviõli Keemiatööstus – emerged . In 1995 , the Government of Estonia started negotiations with American company NRG Energy to create a joint venture on the basis of the Narva Power Stations , the largest consumer of oil shale in Estonia .
Temple Meads is managed by Network Rail and the majority of services are operated by the present day Great Western Railway . Other operators are CrossCountry and South West Trains . In the 12 months to March 2014 , 9.5 million entries and exits were made from the station . The name Temple Meads derives from the nearby Temple Church , which was gutted by bombing during World War II . The word " meads " is a derivation of " mæd " , an Old English variation of " mædwe " , meadow , referring to the water meadows alongside the River Avon that were part of Temple parish .
Jaan Uhelszki from Rolling Stone criticized the album as being " chilly , forced and overdone " , while The Atlanta Journal Constitution was not impressed toward Aguilera 's vocal ability on the album , giving it a mixed review . My Kind of Christmas debuted at number 38 on the Billboard 200 , and later climbed to number 28 , its peak . It eventually peaked atop the Billboard Holiday Albums . Due to its chart success , the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) certified the album platinum , having sold more than 1,015,000 copies in the country .
Then I realised the magic is me really prying stuff out of my head and getting it on to tape , and that stuff doesn 't happen unless I 'm completely alone . Sometimes it 's about the right amount of blood sugar , just slightly hungover . And I 'm really affected by the weather . If it 's too nice outside it 's insane for me , the concept of being inside . Everybody talks about this whole technology versus nature thing and if it 's anything that is it : look who my best friends are , a bunch of plastic and circuitry and electricity , when I should be running around getting chased by bumblebees .
Revealed to be alive , an adult Jason exacts revenge on Alice for decapitating his mother in the original film . Jason ( Warrington Gillette ) , returns to Crystal Lake , living there as a hermit and guarding it from all intruders . Five years later a group of teenagers arrive to set up a new camp , only to be murdered one by one by Jason , who wears a pillow case over his head to hide his face . Ginny ( Amy Steel ) , the lone survivor , finds a cabin in the woods with a shrine built around the severed head of Mrs. Voorhees , and surrounded by mutilated corpses .
The chase was led by Cofidis and Team Europcar and Gerard had less than a minute 's lead at the Côte de la Tour . Philippe Gilbert ( BMC Racing Team ) , Jonathan Hivert ( Bretagne – Séché Environnement ) and Laurens De Vreese ( Astana ) attacked over the climb , with Hivert winning a point for the mountains classification and maintaining his lead in the competition . The race came back together with approximately 38 km ( 24 mi ) left to race . The following period of racing was relatively calm , without attacks and with Cannondale – Garmin controlling the pace .
John Lydon , better known as Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols , declared her work to be " beauty beyond belief " . Rotten once wrote a song for her , titled " Bird in Hand " ( about exploitation of parrots ) that Bush rejected . Bush was one of the singers that Prince thanked in the liner notes of 1991 's Diamonds and Pearls . In December 1989 , Robert Smith of The Cure chose " The Sensual World " as his favourite single of the year , The Sensual World as his favourite album of the year and included " all of Kate Bush " plus other artists in his list , " the best things about the eighties " .
The commander of the 1st Cavalry Division was Diviziski General Dragoslav Stefanović . While the divisional headquarters and other divisional level units were mobilising in Sesvete near Zagreb , the headquarters of the 1st Cavalry Brigade had been designated to command Detachment Ormozki , and the 6th and 8th Cavalry Regiments and the divisional artillery battalion had also been allocated to that formation . This reduced the main fighting elements of the division to a single cavalry regiment ( the 2nd ) , which was mobilising in Virovitica . The rest of the 1st Army Group reserve comprised an independent artillery battalion mobilising in Zagreb , and the 110th Infantry Regiment which was moving to Zagreb from Celje , a distance of 114 kilometres ( 71 mi ) to the northwest .
The following year Gielgud directed Richardson in The School for Scandal , first at the Haymarket and then on a North American tour , which he joined as , in his words , " the oldest Joseph Surface in the business . " In 1962 Gielgud met Martin Hensler ( 1932 – 99 ) , an interior designer exiled from Hungary . He was temperamental , and Gielgud 's friends often found him difficult , but the two became a long term couple and lived together until Hensler 's death . Under his influence Gielgud moved his main residence from central London to Wotton Underwood in Buckinghamshire .
He also filmed a role in The Wind in the Willows ( Terry Jones , 1996 ) as St John Weasel . In 1996 , while appearing in The Rover at the Salisbury Playhouse , Bathurst got an audition for the Granada Television comedy pilot Cold Feet . He arrived for the audition " bearded and shaggy " , on account of his role in the play , and did not expect to win the role of upper middle class management consultant David Marsden . The role in the pilot was only minor , and created at the last minute to support characters played by James Nesbitt and Helen Baxendale ; the only character note in the script about David related to his high salary .
It is prescribed as a textbook for students of graduate and post graduate studies in the Kannada language . Although Keshiraja followed the model of Sanskrit grammar ( of the Katantra school ) and that of earlier writings on Kannada grammar ( by King Amoghavarsha I of the 9th century and grammarian Nagavarma II of 1145 ) , his work has originality . Keshiraja 's lost writings are Cholapalaka Charitam , Sri Chitramale , Shubhadraharana , Prabodhachandra and Kiratam ( or Kiratarjuniyam ) . A major development of this period that would have a profound impact on Kannada literature even into the modern age was the birth of the Haridasa ( " servants of Hari or Vishnu " ) movement .
With the accord in place ( principally with South Africa ) , UNTAG was then formally established in accordance with Resolution 632 on 16 February 1989 . The key participants in the UN process were the South African government ( represented in Namibia by the Administrator General ) and the UN . Hearn wrote that South Africa had a " desire for a smooth transition " ; this resulted in negotiations occurring locally ( between the Special Representative and the Administrator General ) , directly with the South African government in Pretoria and at the UN ( via the Secretary General and Security Council ) .
Although the song fell to number 42 the following week , it began to continually climb the chart as from June 30 , 2011 , and entered the top 20 four weeks later . On July 14 , 2011 , " Best Thing I Never Had " entered the top 10 at number six , and peaked at number two the following week , becoming Beyoncé 's fourteenth single as a solo artist to peak inside the top 10 on the Irish Singles Chart . The music video for " Best Thing I Never Had " was directed by Diane Martel , and filmed in Westchester County on June 15 , 2011 and in Fort Greene , Brooklyn , on June 16 , 2011 .
Rolo Tomassi completed their first tour of the year as the main support for Architects on a 14 date UK tour in April . They used this tour to promote their new single ' Old Mystics ' as well as debut other unrecorded new material from the album , such as songs ' Howl ' and ' Remancer ' . Rolo Tomassi 's presence on the tour was met with positive reception ; however , reviewers believed the band 's music was too aggressive and chaotic for fans of Architects . Tim Sewell when writing for The Courier Online said that : " it was apparent that much of the crowd ( mostly Architects fans ) were left a little confused by singer / shewolf Eva Spence , who flung herself about in front of them screaming .
The ship was stricken from the navy list in March 1921 and sold for scrapping in that year . Schwaben was 126.8 m ( 416 ft 0 in ) long overall and had a beam of 22.8 m ( 74 ft 10 in ) and a draft of 7.95 m ( 26 ft 1 in ) forward . The ship was powered by three 3 cylinder vertical triple expansion engines that drove three screws . Steam was provided by six water tube and six cylindrical coal fired boilers . Schwaben 's powerplant was rated at 14,000 metric horsepower ( 13,808 ihp ; 10,297 kW ) , which generated a top speed of 18 knots ( 33 km / h ; 21 mph ) .
Despite his commander 's order to remain on base , he joined a patrol into Mozambique and crossed the border on 7 January 1974 . The commanding officer flew into a rage when he discovered Coey 's insubordination two weeks later , and immediately had him brought back . Meanwhile , Coey persevered with " The Myth of American Anti communism " , and secured its publication in the conservative , nationally distributed journal Property and Finance on 7 February 1974 . Five days later , he was barred from taking part in a parachute exercise with his unit , and on 14 February he was instructed to choose another army corps or regiment by the 18th ; the SAS no longer wanted him .
" The album was the band 's lowest peaking record at that point in their career , debuting at number 171 on the US Billboard 200 . It also peaked at number 49 on the Swedish Sverigetopplistan chart , and in a revival of fortunes spent three weeks on the UK Albums Chart where it peaked at number 63 . The only single released from the album , " Howling at the Moon ( Sha La La ) " ( backed with " Wart Hog " in the US and " Chasing the Night " in the UK ) peaked at number 85 on the UK Singles Chart , where it spent two weeks .
Passing just north of Guam , Dolphin produced the first typhoon force winds on the island since 2002 during Typhoon Pongsona . Andersen Air Force Base recorded sustained winds of 135 km / h ( 84 mph ) , while gusts reached 171 km / h ( 106 mph ) . In the central portion of the island , the NWS office recorded gusts of 130 km / h ( 81 mph ) . The storm dropped torrential rainfall during its passage , reaching over 460 mm ( 18 in ) at Andersen Air Force Base , of which 240 mm ( 9.3 in ) fell within a 12 hour period .
Gravel pathways lined with Phoenix canariensis palms , the lawn in front of the church , and the stone churchyard fence were also constructed in the 1920s . The Alt Street wall was erected in 1922 , and dedicated to the previous rector Alfred Yarnold . The Bland Street wall was dedicated in 1927 by Archdeacon Davies , and commemorates one of the key contributors , R. A. Forsaith . The cemetery , which had been in existence since soon after the foundation of the church ( the first interment was Frederick Underwood , Elizabeth 's 11 month old grandson , on 1 May 1845 ) , was consecrated by the Archbishop of Sydney , Howard West Kilvinton Mowll , on 8 September 1934 .
One of the reasons for the long period of neglect of Schubert 's piano sonatas seems to be their dismissal as structurally and dramatically inferior to the sonatas of Beethoven . In fact , the last sonatas contain distinct allusions and similarities to works by Beethoven , a composer Schubert venerated . However , musicological analysis has shown that they maintain a mature , individual style . Schubert 's last sonatas are now praised for their mature style , manifested in unique features such as a cyclical formal and tonal design , chamber music textures , and a rare depth of emotional expression .
News reports at the time reported , per the Atomic Energy Commission 's briefing , that there was slight risk of light contamination and that no fire fighters had been contaminated . No abnormal radioactivity was reported by the Colorado Public Health Service . Plutonium milling operations produced large quantities of toxic cutting fluid contaminated with particles of plutonium and uranium . Thousands of 55 gallon drums of the waste were stored outside in an unprotected earthen area called the 903 pad storage area , where they corroded and leaked radionuclides over years into the soil and water . An estimated 5,000 gallons of plutonium contaminated oil leached into the soil between 1964 and 1967 .
In 1807 , Desha was elected to the first of six consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives . A Democratic Republican , he was considered a war hawk , supporting the War of 1812 . In 1813 , he volunteered to serve in the war and commanded a division at the Battle of the Thames . Returning to Congress after the war , he was the only member of the Kentucky congressional delegation to oppose the unpopular Compensation Act of 1816 . Nearly every other member of the delegation was defeated for reelection after the vote , but Desha 's opposition to the act helped him retain his seat .
Castelli and Belgrano backed a pair of projects from Francisco Cabello y Mesa , who had just arrived from Spain . Cabello proposed the creation of a " Patriotic , Literary and Economic Society " lodge and the publication of a newspaper . This newspaper , the first one published in Buenos Aires , was named Telégrafo Mercantil . However , both projects were short lived : the lodge was never established and its activities were banned by royal decree , and the Consulate was instructed to withdraw support for the newspaper , which was then closed . Published by Castelli , Cabello , and Belgrano ( secretary of the publication ) , as well as José Manuel Lavardén , Miguel de Azcuénaga and Fray Cayetano Rodríguez , the Telegraph was the first journal to advance the concept of fatherland , and the first to speak of the inhabitants as " Argentines .
The film was released in March 1984 , with a production schedule of only nine months and with a budget equivalent to $ 1 million . Miyazaki 's work on Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind was inspired by a range of works including Ursula K. Le Guin 's Earthsea , Brian Aldiss 's Hothouse , Isaac Asimov 's Nightfall , and J.R.R Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings . Dani Cavallaro also suggests inspiration from The Princess Who Loved Insects folktale , and the works of William Golding . Nausicaä , the character , was inspired in name and personality , by Homer 's Phaeacian princess in the Odyssey .
If the symptoms are significant , nighttime positive airway pressure ( PAP ) treatment is tried ; this involves the use of a machine to assist with breathing . PAP exists in various forms , and the ideal strategy is uncertain . Some medications have been tried to stimulate breathing or correct underlying abnormalities ; their benefit is again uncertain . While many people with obesity hypoventilation syndrome are cared for on an outpatient basis , some deteriorate suddenly and when admitted to hospital may show severe abnormalities such as markedly deranged blood acidity ( pH < 7.25 ) or depressed level of consciousness due to very high carbon dioxide levels .
Leete 's image of Kitchener is featured on a 2014 £ 2 coin produced by sculptor John Bergdahl for the Royal Mint . The coin was the first of a five year series to commemorate the centennial of the war . Use of Leete 's image of Kitchener has been criticized by some for its pro war connotation in light of the human losses of the First World War and the violence of Kitchener 's campaign in Sudan . In July 2014 , one of only four original posters known to exist went to auction for more than £ 10,000 .
The music video was directed by Spike Jonze and was filmed in Downey , California , USA . Pitchfork Media reported that " Jay Z and Kanye West are doing something big for the video for Otis . " The video , featuring a cameo by Aziz Ansari , was released on Thursday , August 2011 on MTV and affiliated networks at 8 : 56 pm ET / PT with an encore showing at 11 : 00 pm ET / PT on MTV2 . The video was uploaded on music video site VEVO on the same day . The video primarily shows West and Jay Z destroying and then customizing a Maybach 57 and then racing around an industrial lot in it ( with no doors or windows ) , while four models smile and laugh from the backseat .
He was torn between his desire to work and his desire not to talk , and he didn 't know what to do . What I think he wanted to know was , what would I think of him if he talked ? He didn 't say it in that way , though . Then he explained to me the politics of it — how the studios were in on it , and there was never any chance of his working . He was under pressure , he was sick , his diabetes was bad , and he was drinking .
The book 's source recounted the events : " They said ' We are a private group ' . I asked them if they voted . It was a testing question . They said they didn 't . It was a very short discussion . " The organisation 's members are instructed that government is controlled by God , and they are told not to vote in elections . " We 're in the business of ideas and so are the Exclusive Brethren . I regard many of the party 's views and those of the Exclusive Brethren as inconsistent .
It transferred to Broadway in 2013 . The original McCarter , Off Broadway , and Broadway casts included David Hyde Pierce , Kristine Nielsen , Sigourney Weaver and Billy Magnussen . Subsequently , the play has been produced in Tennessee , California , Indiana , Minnesota , Arizona , Washington , Massachusetts , Missouri , Wyoming , Georgia , South Carolina and the District of Columbia . Critics praised Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike as a humorous adaptation of Chekhov themes that doesn 't require familiarity with Chekhov . The original Broadway production proved to be a commercial success , recouping its $ 2.75 million investment in under four months .
In heathland habitats such as Nadgee or Barren Grounds Nature Reserves , it may not exceed 1 m ( 3 ft ) in height . At an exposed area such as Green Cape , it is reduced further to a 30 cm ( 12 in ) prostrate shrub . This subspecies has a woody base , known as a lignotuber , which begins developing in the first year of life . Banksia paludosa subspecies astrolux is a more open non lignotuberous shrub which reaches 5 m ( 16 ft ) high . The bark and foliage is rough and covered in multiplication signs , although the new growth is covered in fine hair .
Informal estimates , on the other hand , often mistakenly included the neighbouring squatter village of Sai Tau Tsuen . Population figures of about 50,000 were also reported . A thorough government survey in 1987 gave a clearer picture : an estimated 33,000 people resided within the Walled City . Based on this survey , the Walled City had a population density of approximately 1,255,000 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 3,250,000 / sq mi ) in 1987 . Contrary to what many outsiders believed , most residents of the Walled City behaved similarly to other Hong Kong natives . In response to difficult living conditions , the residents formed a tightly knit community , helping one another endure various hardships .
Jason Barry as Thomas " Tommy " Ryan : An Irish third class passenger who befriends Jack and Fabrizio . Tommy is killed when he is accidentally pushed forward and shot by a panicked First Officer Murdoch . Although not — and not intended to be — an entirely historically accurate depiction of events , the film includes portrayals of several historical figures : Kathy Bates as Margaret " Molly " Brown : Brown is looked down upon by other first class women , including Ruth , as " vulgar " and " new money " due to her sudden wealth .
One death was reported in Mexico due to drowning . Otherwise , no significant damage was reported associated with Beryl , as it affected a sparsely populated area of Mexico . A tropical wave emerged from the African coast with a closed circulation on August 3 . It tracked westward across the tropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean and broke into two distinct parts , the northern portion eventually became Hurricane Alberto . The southern portion continued to track westward into the Caribbean Sea , while producing little or no deep convection . The wave reached Mexico 's Yucatán Peninsula on August 12 , and only then did deep convection redevelop , mostly due to diurnal heating .
" The only alternative is a separate existence ... What upsets the Igbo population is we are not equally Nigerian as the others " . The Nigerian – Biafran War left Igboland devastated . Fighting had completely destroyed many hospitals , schools , and homes . In addition to the loss of their savings , many Igbo people faced discrimination from other ethnic groups and from the new non Igbo federal government . Some Igbo subgroups , such as the Ikwerre , started disassociating themselves from the larger Igbo population after the war . In the post war era , people of eastern Nigeria changed the names of both people and places to non Igbo sounding words .
In the 21st century , global warming has made access to Siberian tusks easier , since the permafrost thaws more quickly , exposing the mammoths embedded within it . Stories abound about frozen woolly mammoth meat that was consumed once defrosted , especially that of the " Berezovka mammoth " , but most of these are considered dubious . The carcasses were in most cases decayed , and the stench so unbearable that only wild scavengers and the dogs accompanying the finders showed any interest in the flesh . It appears that such meat was once recommended against illness in China , and Siberian natives have occasionally cooked the meat of frozen carcasses they discovered .
The second single from the album was " My Happiness " , released on 14 August 2000 in Australia . " My Happiness " entered the ARIA Singles Chart at # 4 , and spent 24 weeks on the chart , making it Powderfinger 's highest charting single in Australia . It peaked at # 7 on the New Zealand singles chart , and spent 23 weeks in the top 50 . Furthermore , " My Happiness " was Powderfinger 's first single to chart in the USA , reaching # 23 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart . " Like a Dog " was released as the third single on 15 January 2001 .
" That 's a lot [ of players leaving ] when the normal rule is : never change a winning team , " stated Zidane . Real Madrid , with newly appointed coach Carlos Queiroz , started their domestic league slowly after a hard win over Real Betis . The 2005 – 06 season began with the promise of several new signings : Júlio Baptista ( € 24 million ) , Robinho ( € 30 million ) and Sergio Ramos ( € 27 million ) . However , Real Madrid suffered from some poor results , including a 0 – 3 loss at the hands of Barcelona at the Santiago Bernabéu in November 2005 .
Nevertheless , he opined that " [ p ] eople tried to make it seem like I was saying that the Waldorf wasn 't good enough for us " . As of 1999 , the State Department was paying $ 360,000 per year to lease the suite on a rolling basis ; the lease is renewed every ten years with an optional one or two year short term extension . In 2015 , it was announced the State Department would no longer permit staff to be housed at the Waldorf Astoria , due to security concerns arising from the recent purchase of the property by Chinese business interests .
She also held a monocle in her hand . Accompanied by her two female dancers dressed in a similar attire , Madonna did a straightforward vocal rendition of the track , and an elaborate choreography , which included voguing , humping , simulated masturbation and momentary storage of the performers ' microphone inside their bras . At one point Madonna opened the suit , to reveal the corset with the bra , and tassels hanging from its sides . Two different performances were taped and released on video , the Blond Ambition – Japan Tour 90 , taped in Yokohama , Japan , on April 27 , 1990 , and the Live !
With Mario sharing driving duties with sons Michael and Jeff at the 1991 Rolex 24 at Daytona , driving a Porsche 962 , the Andretti clan finished 5th . Mario 's grandson Marco completed his first full season in the Indy Racing League ( IRL ) in 2006 , driving for his father Michael 's Andretti Green Racing team . Marco finished second in the 2006 Indianapolis 500 and so became the first third generation recipient of the race 's Rookie of the Year Award . Mario and his wife Dee Ann live near their grandson Marco in mansions in Bushkill Township , Pennsylvania .
As the Admiralty had decided to phase out 12 inch guns and had stopped the manufacture of shells for these weapons shortly after the war , it would have been necessary to replace Australia 's main armament once the Navy 's stock of shells reached their expiry date given that it was not possible to produce replacement shells in Australia . This was also not financially feasible for the government , particularly given the RAN 's lack of interest in retaining the ship . The 1922 Washington Naval Treaty was a mutual naval arms limitation and disarmament treaty between the five major naval powers of the time : the United Kingdom , the United States of America , Japan , Italy , and France .
Composer and six time Grammy award winner Burt Bacharach studied music at McGill , and Win Butler and Régine Chassagne of the Grammy Award winning group Arcade Fire met while studying at McGill . In the sciences , students include doctors , inventors , three astronauts and scientist Dr. Mark J. Poznansky , a member of the Order of Canada . On October 16 , 2009 , the 42nd American president , Bill Clinton accepted an Honorary Doctorate from McGill University . Some politicians and government officials both within Canada and abroad are McGill alumni , including three Canadian prime ministers and thirteen justices of the Supreme Court of Canada .
On 7 February 1974 , the country gained independence from the United Kingdom , retaining the then reigning monarch , Elizabeth II , as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Grenada . The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Grenada , currently Dame Cécile La Grenade . The monarchy of Jamaica has its roots in the Spanish monarchy , under the authority of which the islands were first colonised in the late 16th century , and later the English and then British monarchy , as a Crown colony . On 6 August 1962 , the country gained independence from the United Kingdom , retaining the then reigning monarch , Elizabeth II , as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Jamaica .
The menu is according to the time of day , with breakfasts in the morning and larger meals in the afternoon and evening . The trains also feature a family section with a play area and HC area ( BFM73 car ) . The BFM73 car has also a bicycle room behind the driver 's cab . From 2011 , the trains are equipped with free wireless Internet . In 1990 and 1994 , NSB published two reports regarding the future of intercity rail transport in Norway . The reports concluded that there would have to be invested 56 billion Norwegian krone ( NOK ) in new infrastructure if the main corridors were to be built as high speed railways .
On the other hand , there are 197 brown trout per kilometer less than 175 millimeters long and 25 per kilometer that are more than 175 millimeters long . There is one brook trout per hectare that are less than 175 millimeters long and one that is more than 175 millimeters long . There are 230 brook trout per hectare that are less than 175 millimeters long and 31 that are more than 175 millimeters long . A 1997 report stated that Little Catawissa Creek was a poor site for angling . Little Catawissa Creek has a diverse population of aquatic macroinvertebrates .
The German unit was thought by Fleming to be " one of the most outstanding innovations in German intelligence " . Fleming did not fight in the field with the unit , but selected targets and directed operations from the rear . On its formation the unit was only thirty strong , but it grew to five times that size . The unit was filled with men from other commando units , and trained in unarmed combat , safe cracking and lock picking at the SOE facilities . In late 1942 Captain ( later Rear Admiral ) Edmund Rushbrooke replaced Godfrey as head of the Naval Intelligence Division , and Fleming 's influence in the organisation declined , although he retained control over 30AU .
The idea of the historical imagination was replaced with the source based empiricism championed by Ranke . Marinel Ash has noted that after the death of Scott , Scottish national history lost its momentum , and the Scottish literati stopped writing Scottish histories . Colin Kidd has observed a change of attitudes to historical writing and suggests that this was one reason for a lack of the development of political nationalism . In science , the rapid expansion of knowledge increased a tendency towards specialisation and professionalism and a decline of the polymath " man of letters " and amateurs that had dominated Romantic science .
About 60 percent of RTI 's staff are headquartered on a 180 acre campus inside the Research Triangle Park . Most of RTI International 's funding comes from government research contracts . In 2012 it authored 627 journal articles . At the time , RTI owned 400 patents . RTI competes with the three universities that form the research triangle and other research institutes for contracts . It bids on $ 2 billion in research contracts a year and wins approximately 40 percent of the budget it bids on . RTI International 's research has spanned areas like cancer , pollution , drug abuse and education .
These are based on glider performance , the lowest being club class , and then progressing through standard ( maximum 15 metres ( 49 ft ) wingspan , and flaps not permitted ) , 15 metres ( 49 ft ) ( as standard , but flaps are permitted ) , 18 metres ( 59 ft ) ( maximum 18 metres ( 59 ft ) wingspan ) , and finally open class ( no restrictions ) . Success at national level can lead to a place in the national team and competition at international level . In 2007 the British gliding team was ranked number one , and British pilots took two women 's world championships and the open class European championship .
" During subsequent discussions with a US consular official , Terrazas gave conflicting answers as to whether or not he had truly intended to abandon his rights as a US citizen when he applied for his certificate of Mexican nationality . The State Department eventually concluded that he had lost his US citizenship , a decision which Terrazas appealed , first before the State Department 's board of appellate review , and subsequently to the courts . Before the 1967 Supreme Court ruling in Afroyim v. Rusk , US law had provided for numerous ways for citizens to lose their citizenship .
To Aldrich 's surprise , Tillman soberly and competently conducted the bill through much of the legislative process . Tillman withdrew from the bill ( though he voted for it ) after Roosevelt got a provision for federal court review of agency decisions included , which Tillman opposed . The president and the southern senator ended on worse terms than before , but there was great public attention on the Hepburn Bill , and Tillman gained considerable respect for his role . This activity caused a public reassessment of Tillman , who was best known for giving speeches that shocked the North and made even southerners cringe .
Females of the genus Phobaeticus are the world 's longest insects , measuring up to 56.7 centimetres ( 22.3 in ) in total length in the case of Phobaeticus chani , including the outstretched legs . The heaviest species of phasmid is likely to be Heteropteryx dilatata , the females of which may weigh as much as 65 g ( 2.3 oz ) . Some phasmids have cylindrical stick like bodies , while others have flattened , leaflike shapes . Many species are wingless , or have reduced wings . The thorax is long in the winged species , since it houses the flight muscles , and is typically much shorter in the wingless forms .
The work tells of an American evacuation of an island for nuclear tests , where one family is left behind . Polish American Si Lewen 's ( 1918 – ) first book , The Parade : A Story in 55 Drawings ( 1957 ) , won praise from Albert Einstein for its anti war message . Canadian George Kuthan 's Aphrodite 's Cup ( 1964 ) is an erotic book drawn in an ancient Greek style . In the early 21st century , Canadian George Walker made wordless woodcut novels , beginning with Book of Hours ( 2010 ) , about the lives of those in the World Trade Center complex just before the September 11 attacks .
In addition , during Tom and Jean Ralphio 's eulogy presentation for Lil ' Sebastian , a still of the Trifid Nebula in Sagittarius is seen . The image is more popularly recognized as the cover art for progressive rock band King Crimson 's 1971 album " Islands . " Due to the 9 p.m. broadcast of " Search Committee " , the one hour seventh season finale of comedy series The Office , Parks and Recreation was not shown in its regular 9 : 30 p.m. broadcast on May 19 . " Li 'l Sebastian " aired at 10 : 30 p.m. , immediately following " The Bubble " at 10 p.m. In its original American broadcast , " Li 'l Sebastian " was seen by an estimated 3.72 million household viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research , with a 2.4 rating / 6 share among viewers between ages 18 and 49 .
His independent album Sellout was re released in 2006 on Universal South Records . West said that he began to experience " some vocal fatigue " in April 2007 . He said " I had lost some of my vocal range , staying on higher notes and lower notes . I even began having a hard time speaking . " At a vocal check up in response to the issue , West 's doctors at the Nashville Vanderbilt Voice Center discovered " hemorrhaging caused by some polyps " . He was told by his doctors that vocal surgery was the only option , since a few weeks had passed .
Two particularly important publications were bin Laden 's 2002 " Letter to America " , and a 2004 video tape by bin Laden . Bin Laden interpreted Muhammad as having banned the " permanent presence of infidels in Arabia " . In 1996 , bin Laden issued a fatwā calling for American troops to leave Saudi Arabia . In 1998 , al Qaeda wrote , " for over seven years the United States has been occupying the lands of Islam in the holiest of places , the Arabian Peninsula , plundering its riches , dictating to its rulers , humiliating its people , terrorizing its neighbors , and turning its bases in the Peninsula into a spearhead through which to fight the neighboring Muslim peoples .
When he was executed in 1649 , the Scottish Covenanters objected , but avoided advancing the sanctity of kings as a reason . In 1689 , when the Scottish Estates had to find a justification for deposing James VII they turned to Buchanan 's argument on the contractual nature of monarchy in the Claim of Right . The royal court consisted of leading nobles , office holders , ambassadors and supplicants who surrounded the king or queen . At its centre was the monarch and members of the Privy Chamber . Gentleman of the chamber were usually leading nobles or individuals with kinship links to the leading noble families .
Crowds numbering 400,000 and more demonstrated in October 2002 , and again the following spring . On 15 February 2003 , over 1 million people demonstrated against the war in Iraq , and 60,000 marched in Manchester before the Labour Party Conference , with the demonstrators ' issues including British occupation of Afghanistan and the forthcoming invasion of Iraq . In June 2007 , Blair resigned as the leader of the Labour Party and Gordon Brown , previously the Chancellor of the Exchequer , succeeded him after the 2007 party conference . Three years earlier , Blair had announced that he would not be contesting a fourth successive general election as Labour Party leader if he won the 2005 general election .
Reaction to this speech was highly critical , and Everett was attacked by political friends and foes for this apparent endorsement of slavery . He attempted to justify his statements by pointing out that he rejected the slave trade and the act of kidnapping someone into slavery , but this did not mitigate the damage , and he was heavily criticized for it in the Massachusetts press . Everett would be dogged by the speech for the rest of his political career . Everett retired from Congress in 1835 , after deciding that he did not really like the rough and tumble nature of the proceedings in the House .
It made an estimated $ 206,000,000 in other territories for a worldwide total of $ 424,967,620 . Alan Menken and Howard Ashman 's song " Beauty and the Beast " won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , while Menken 's score won the award for Best Original Score . Two other Menken and Ashman songs from the film , " Belle " and " Be Our Guest " , were also nominated for Best Original Song . Beauty and the Beast was the first picture to receive three Academy Award nominations for Best Original Song , a feat that would be repeated by The Lion King ( 1994 ) , Dreamgirls ( 2006 ) , and Enchanted ( 2007 ) .
Sidle then opens up to him and reveals her family story ; it is during this season that she apparently starts bonding with Grissom . During the subsequent seasons ( sixth and seventh ) , after it is revealed that they are in a relationship , she appears to be happier and on a more even keel . In CSI 's eighth season , when Fox decided to leave the show , both she and the writers decided not to kill the character , so as to leave the door open for a possible comeback . Consequently , Sara Sidle is submerged into depression after she is abducted in the season seven finale ( she is rescued in the first episode of the new season ) , and , even though she accepts Grissom 's marriage proposal on the season 's fourth episode , she shows signs of burnout during the subsequent episodes , breaking down on the season 's seventh episode , leaving Las Vegas with only a goodbye letter for Grissom in which she tells him she loves him - also kissing him out of the blue in front of another colleague - and a good luck note for Ronnie Lake ( played by Jessica Lucas ) .
Inglis acquired the 4 acre ( 1.6 ha ) Scroope House on Trumpington Street for the department and constructed a 50,000 square foot ( 4,600 m2 ) laboratory on the site by 1923 , followed in 1931 by a structure containing lecture theatres and a drawing office . At Cambridge Inglis ' students included Sir Frank Whittle ( developer of the jet engine ) , James N. Goodier ( mechanical engineer and academic ) , Sir Morien Morgan ( called the " Father of Concorde " ) and Beryl Platt , Baroness Platt ( Conservative peer ) . He was also in contact with Russian railway engineer Yury Lomonosov and lectured to biochemist Albert Chibnall .
A pre registered barrage would then descend on No Man 's Land . With the introduction of the tank the artillery was no longer required to aid the infantry by destroying obstacles and machine gun positions . Instead , the artillery assisted by neutralising the German artillery with Counter battery fire . British Army researchers under Lieutenant William Lawrence Bragg developed sound ranging , a method of determining the location of hostile artillery from the sound of its guns firing . A Counter Battery Staff Officer ( CBSO ) was appointed at each corps to co ordinate the counter battery effort , collating reports from sound ranging and Royal Flying Corps observers .
The western shoreline of the seaway was in the vicinity of Cedar City , Utah while the eastern margin was part of the low lying , stable platform ramp in Nebraska and Kansas . The pebble to cobble conglomerate and tan fossil rich sandstone of the resulting 100 foot ( 30 m ) thick Dakota Sandstone include alluvial fan and alluvial plain sediments that grade laterally into coastal plain , marginal marine , and marine deposits . A small remnant of the Dakota is exposed on top of the 8,766 foot ( 2,672 m ) -high Horse Ranch Mountain ( photo ) .
In a 2010 book on human rights , Children 's Rights and Human Development , child psychiatrist Bruce D. Perry used the phrase " think of the children " to urge clinicians to incorporate a process sensitive to developmental stages when counseling youth . In their 2002 book , Art , Argument , and Advocacy : Mastering Parliamentary Debate , John Meany and Kate Shuster called the use of the phrase " Think of the children " in debate a type of logical fallacy and an appeal to emotion . According to the authors , a debater may use the phrase to emotionally sway members of the audience and avoid logical discussion .
During its third week , S / O Satyamurthy lost a large number of screens to new releases Dohchay , Kai Raja Kai , Aloukika and Avengers : Age of Ultron . The film still performed decently , grossing ₹ 50.5 million and netting ₹ 21.7 million in three days for an eighteen day global total gross and net of ₹ 775 million and ₹ 469.2 million ( surpassing the lifetime records of Naayak ( 2013 ) , Racha ( 2012 ) , Temper , Eega ( 2012 ) , Govindudu Andarivadele and Gopala Gopala ) . It was the tenth highest grossing Telugu film of all time at the global box office .
The weight of the breed is on average between 24 – 30 pounds ( 11 – 14 kg ) . At the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show , the most prestigious dog show in the United States , the American Cocker Spaniel has won Best in Show on four occasions since its first award in 1907 . The most successful breed is the Wire Fox Terrier with thirteen wins . The American Cocker Spaniel is judged in three separate breed classes under AKC rules ; " black " , " parti color " , and " any solid color other than black ... " ( ASCOB ) .
In the late 1890s , the Fort Crockett defenses and coastal artillery batteries were constructed in Galveston and along the Bolivar Roads . Juneteenth , which is the oldest nationally celebrated commemoration of the ending of slavery in the United States , owes its origins to the announcement of the Emancipation Proclamation upon the return of Union forces to Galveston in 1865 . Galveston was the first city in Texas to provide a secondary school and public library for African Americans . At the end of the 19th century , the city of Galveston was a booming metropolis with a population of 37,000 .
It was not until the 1930s that the pieces , in uncirculated condition , commanded the original price of $ 1 . Prices began to rise as silver coins were replaced by base metal ones in the 1960s . In the 2012 version of Yeoman 's catalog , both pieces are listed at under $ 20 in almost uncirculated ( AU 50 ) condition , with specimens in near pristine MS 66 selling for over a thousand dollars . One reason for the lack of sales , and for the poor condition of many surviving specimens , was that while the fair was open , the economic Panic of 1893 began , one of the worst depressions in the nation 's history — fifty cents could make the difference between a family eating or starving at a time when the average visitor to the fair spent $ 1.18 .
All this time , Minh had been allowed to continue as a figurehead chief of state due to his popularity , but Khánh was intent on sidelining him too . The Young Turks were fully aware of Khánh 's motives for rehabilitating the Da Lat Generals , and wanted to marginalize them . In public , Khánh and the Young Turks claimed the Da Lat Generals and Minh , who had returned from his overseas tour , had been making plots with the Buddhist activists to regain power . Suu 's signature was required to pass the ruling , but he referred the matter to the HNC to get their opinion .
It repeatedly claims the Chinese looms to be far superior to all others . It speaks of two types of loom that leave the worker 's arms free : the draw loom , which is of Eurasian origin , and the pedal loom which is attributed to East Asian origins . There are many diagrams originate in the 12th and 13th centuries . When examined closely , many similarities between Eurasian machines can be drawn . Since the Jin dynasty , the existence of silk damasks has been well recorded , and since the 2nd century BCE , four shafted looms and other innovations allowed the creation of silk brocades .
The document itself stated that Culkin strongly denied being harmed by Jackson . Two tabloid television shows accepted confidential leaked documents from the Los Angeles County Department of Children 's Services for $ 20,000 . A number of Jackson 's former employees — most of whom had worked at his ranch — sold stories to the tabloids of alleged prior sexual misconduct on Jackson 's part , instead of reporting their claims to police . One couple initially asked for $ 100,000 claiming that Jackson sexually caressed Macaulay Culkin . They were prepared to expand upon this allegation for a fee of $ 500,000 , whereby they would allege that Jackson put his hands down Culkin 's pants .
The Forest Service has listed northern goshawks , flammulated owls , and white headed woodpeckers as a sensitive species in the forest . The few amphibians present in the forest include the Rocky Mountain tailed frog , long toed salamander , and Columbia spotted frog , which has been listed as a sensitive species . Common snakes include bullsnakes , garter snakes , and rubber boas . Boise National Forest 's 2010 forest plan recognizes that fire and other disturbances play important roles in maintaining the character and function of ecosystems . However , previous management strategies ( as recently as the 1990 forest plan ) treated fire as an undesirable process , and the Organic Act of 1897 explicitly stated that forests were to be protected from destruction by fire .
Spears performed " I 'm Not a Girl , Not Yet a Woman " as part of her Dream Within a Dream Tour , and on several TV shows . In early 2001 , Spears and her team developed a script for a movie where the singer could be the main role . " I talked to [ Rhimes ] and told her what I wanted the movie to be about and she elaborated on it , " Spears said . " It was my little project . When you do a movie , I think you have to be really passionate about it .
Over the years , McCartney has been named a significant vocal influence by a number of renowned artists , including Chris Cornell , Billy Joel , Steven Tyler , Brad Delp and Axl Rose . McCartney played piano on several Beatles songs , including " Every Little Thing " , " She 's a Woman " , " For No One " , " A Day in the Life " , " Hello , Goodbye " , " Hey Jude " , " Lady Madonna " , " Let It Be " and " The Long and Winding Road " .
The album Adios was written and performed almost exclusively by Konietzko and Skold . Ogre again provided vocals , as did German musician Nina Hagen . Originally the fulfillment of the band 's ten record contract with Wax Trax ! / TVT , Adios later signaled the breakup of the band itself , which Esch 's and Schulz 's limited participation foreshadowed . KMFDM disbanded , albeit temporarily , on January 22 , 1999 , with only Konietzko and Skold remaining together . Konietzko said the split was due to " lots of stress and pressure , as well as differences in vision and drive " .
He was commissioned in 1971 into the Royal Army Ordnance Corps and went on to serve in Germany , Northern Ireland and Cyprus , interspersed with staff duties and further education . He was posted to Paris in 1984 , where he was involved in the development of the MILAN anti tank weapon , before returning to his regiment as a company commander . He took command of 1 Ordnance Battalion in 1990 and was tasked with running logistics for 1st Armoured Division during the Gulf War . He went on to serve as Commander , Logistic Support for 3rd Infantry Division in 1992 .
He was one of three sons of the Neapolitan American Anthony and Adeline Massino . Raised in Maspeth , Queens , Massino has admitted to being a juvenile delinquent by the age of 12 and claimed that at 14 he ran away from home to Florida . He dropped out of Grover Cleveland High School in tenth grade . Massino first met his future wife Josephine Vitale in 1956 , and married her in 1960 . The couple had three daughters . Massino also befriended Josephine 's brother , Salvatore Vitale , who , after briefly serving in the Army , became one of Massino 's most trusted allies .
To separate the input and output signals , many negative resistance amplifiers use nonreciprocal devices such as isolators and directional couplers . One widely used circuit is the reflection amplifier in which the separation is accomplished by a circulator . A circulator is a nonreciprocal solid state component with three ports ( connectors ) which transfers a signal applied to one port to the next in only one direction , port 1 to port 2 , 2 to 3 , and 3 to 1 . In the reflection amplifier diagram the input signal is applied to port 1 , a biased VCNR negative resistance diode N is attached through a filter F to port 2 , and the output circuit is attached to port 3 .
Margaret Bondfield , a Labour politician and feminist and the first woman Cabinet minister in the United Kingdom was born in Chard in 1873 . Dr Andrew Wright , discoverer of ancient mountain ranges and fjord landscapes underneath the Antarctic ice cap , spent most of his childhood in Chard where he attended the local school . J.W. Gifford F.R.A.S , the prominent Chard Lace Mill owner was a noted astronomer , scientist and was the second person in the world to produce an X ray picture ( as a result of his interests in photography also ) , publishing his works in the Royal Photographic Society 's Journal in 1895 .
By the 1960s , the Ripper had become " the symbol of a predatory aristocracy " , and was more often portrayed in a top hat dressed as a gentleman . The Establishment as a whole became the villain , with the Ripper acting as a manifestation of upper class exploitation . The image of the Ripper merged with or borrowed symbols from horror stories , such as Dracula 's cloak or Victor Frankenstein 's organ harvest . The fictional world of the Ripper can fuse with multiple genres , ranging from Sherlock Holmes to Japanese erotic horror . In addition to the contradictions and unreliability of contemporary accounts , attempts to identify the real killer are hampered by the lack of surviving forensic evidence .
These claims would be denied by the singer who said that despite the clip for " Why Don 't You Love Me " airing several days before " Commander " , the media was " making too much of a big deal of release schedules and trying to create a feud where it doesn 't exist . " She also said , " we all came out at the same time and it really doesn 't matter ... I think there 's room for everybody ... There 's Bey [ oncé ] , there 's Ciara putting something out and [ Lady ] GaGa putting something out , but , because we started out together , people are going to say things like that .
Wellek and Warren argue that a work does not necessarily become better with more philosophical content . Wellek and Warren write that the relationship between literature and other forms of art , such as architecture , sculpture , music , or visual art , is " highly various and complex " . For example , literature may inspire the other art forms , or vice versa . A work of literature may also attempt to have the same effect as another art , through visualization , musicality , or other techniques . However , literature remains a separate art form , and effects found within are conveyed imperfectly .
The walrus is the only living species in the family Odobenidae and genus Odobenus . This species is subdivided into three subspecies : the Atlantic walrus ( O. r. rosmarus ) which lives in the Atlantic Ocean , the Pacific walrus ( O. r. divergens ) which lives in the Pacific Ocean , and O. r. laptevi , which lives in the Laptev Sea of the Arctic Ocean . Adult walruses are easily recognized by their prominent tusks , whiskers , and bulkiness . Adult males in the Pacific can weigh more than 2,000 kg ( 4,400 lb ) and , among pinnipeds , are exceeded in size only by the two species of elephant seals .
Arsenal won the match 2 – 1 . Six days later , Diaby scored Arsenal 's opening goal in the club 's 3 – 2 away win over Blackburn Rovers in the League Cup . Diaby failed to chart anything statistical for the rest of the winter months aside from an assist in a 4 – 1 win over Everton . On 29 March 2008 , Diaby was sent off for the first time in his professional career in a league match against Bolton Wanderers for a studs up tackle on defender Grétar Steinsson . Diaby was defended by Wenger who stated " I don ’ t think Diaby ’ s tackle was malicious , it was more protective " .
On Wurst 's return to Austria after winning Eurovision , she was greeted at Vienna International Airport by thousands of fans and hundreds journalists celebrating her victory . On 18 May she met with Werner Faymann , the Chancellor of Austria and Josef Ostermayer , the Minister of Arts , Culture , and Media at an official reception , followed by a performance on stage at Vienna 's Ballhausplatz to an audience of thousands of fans . The concert was however criticised by the conservative Austrian People 's Party , a member of the coalition government . " Rise Like a Phoenix " went on to become a hit across Europe , reaching the top 3 in iTunes download charts in fourteen countries , including both Belarus and Russia , where she had courted controversy before the contest .
Steam was provided by three rectangular fire tube boilers at a pressure of 1.7 atm ( 172 kPa ; 25 psi ) . The engines produced a total of 800 indicated horsepower ( 600 kW ) which gave Smerch a maximum speed of about 8.3 knots ( 15.4 km / h ; 9.6 mph ) when she ran her sea trials from 12 to 17 June 1865 . The ship also had a small donkey boiler for the small steam engine that powered the ventilation fans , the main water pump and rotated the aft turret . Another such engine probably rotated the forward turret .
" Teen Ink observed , " This part is about how it seems like God doesn 't listen to you or help you , no matter how much you pray or talk to him . " Finally , asking people to be kind and unselfish , Esmeralda sings , " Please help my people , the poor and downtrodden / I thought we all were the children of God . ” In The Gospel According to Disney , author Mark I. Pinsky drew similarities between " God Help the Outcasts " and the Christian hymn " His Eye Is on the Sparrow , " as both songs explore " the love of God that knows no bounds .
" According to Chris Carter , the whole idea behind the episode was about numbers and that the " significance of numbers in our lives starts here on the card table where the players are being dealt a hand each . " He continued with " the idea is that we 're all dealt hands , genetic hands , and maybe even numerological hands that give us basically the tools with which we deal and / or use for our lives . " He further stated that the idea was that it was " free will " and " fate " , continued with that fate was determined by our own genetics .
On the second morning , Morris registered his third century of the Test series and his sixth in Ashes matches . The innings had taken 208 minutes and included four fours . Hassett and Morris took the score to 226 before their 109 run stand was broken when Young trapped the former for 37 . As the Australians had dismissed their hosts cheaply on the first day and were already well in the lead , they had plenty of time to complete a victory , so Hassett and Morris had no need to take undue risks and scored at a sedate pace .
The towns of Tonala and Arriaga were the worst affected by the hurricane , where dozens of trees , poles , billboards and roofs were damaged due to strong winds . Many restaurants were also destroyed because of high waves . Several homes were flooded . Many homes were destroyed , leaving many homeless . Throughout the rest of Chiapas , however , damage was minor . Statewide , 50 people were evacuated and 2,000 homes were damaged . Throughout the region , 57,000 people were homeless and 10,000 ha ( 25,000 acres ) of crops were destroyed . Approximately 3,500 ha ( 8,600 acres ) of mango crops , accounting for a total yield of 22,751.88 t ( 50,159,300 lb ) of mangoes , were destroyed , with losses estimated at 10 – 15 million pesos ( $ 750,000 – $ 1.1 million USD ) .
In January 1914 , though , the gunboat returned to Mexican waters and investigated local conditions at Ensenada between 3 and 6 January before moving , in subsequent months , to a succession of Mexican ports : Mazatlán , San Blas , Miramar , Topolobampo , and La Paz . Following an overhaul at Mare Island from 24 June to 2 September 1914 , Yorktown served in Mexican waters again into June 1915 . From that point until the entry of the United States into World War I in April 1917 , Yorktown continued her routine of patrols off Mexican , Nicaraguan , and Honduran ports with occasional repairs at Mare Island and maneuvers out of San Diego .
: Yui Hirasawa Minami ke : Okaeri : Yoshino The Sacred Blacksmith : Lisa Spice and Wolf II : Merta A Certain Scientific Railgun : Kazari Uiharu Umi Monogatari : Anata ga Ite Kureta Koto : Oshima Umineko When They Cry : Asmodeus Asobi ni Iku yo : Bombshells from the Sky : Melwin Book Girl : Chia Takeda Heaven 's Lost Property : Forte : Chaos Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaō : Keena Soga Junod : Mii Hyakka Ryōran Samurai Girls : Kanetsugu Naoe Jewelpet Twinkle : Angela Maid Sama ! : Satsuki Mitsudomoe : Yuki Yoshioka K On ! !
After several delays , federal funding for Phase 1 was secured in December 2008 and construction began in March 2009 . The line will be constructed in two phases ; the first phase to Wiehle – Reston East in Reston , Virginia opened July 26 , 2014 , and the second phase to Virginia Route 772 , beyond Dulles Airport , is projected for completion in 2019 or 2020 . Blue Line trains share a single tunnel with Orange Line and Silver Line trains to cross the Potomac River . The current tunnel limits service in each direction , creating a choke point .
In 1915 , Joseph F. Smith , then sixth president of the LDS Church , announced plans for the first temple outside the continental United States and chose Lāʻie for its construction . According to Mormon folklore , precious materials arrived just in time to complete the building of the temple : Temple builders ran out of wood ( a scarce commodity on the islands ) during initial construction , but local members received lumber when a ship ran aground and needed to unload some of its cargo of wood . The temple builders volunteered to help the ship and were given the lumber out of gratitude .
As a result of the use of nuclear power , the ships are capable of operating for over 20 years without refueling and are predicted to have a service life of over 50 years . They are categorized as nuclear powered aircraft carriers and are numbered with consecutive hull numbers between CVN 68 and CVN 77 . All ten carriers were constructed by Newport News Shipbuilding Company in Virginia . USS Nimitz , the lead ship of the class , was commissioned on 3 May 1975 , and USS George H.W. Bush , the tenth and last of the class , was commissioned on 10 January 2009 .
The Griffins have a yard sale to sell off household items that they no longer need , but Brian accidentally sells Stewie 's teddy bear , Rupert , causing Stewie to think Rupert has been kidnapped . Brian takes Stewie to the toy store to try to find a replacement , but ends up admitting he accidentally sold it , after which Stewie exclaims : " You son of a bitch ! " . He attempts to retrieve Rupert by tracking DNA samples against the federal database from the money Brian was paid for Rupert . They discover the man who bought Rupert lives in Quahog , but upon arrival — they discover the house is deserted .
Poniewozik described her as " pretty damn excellent " , and Votta wrote , " She only has one generally pointless scene but is arguably the best part of the whole episode . " Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal said Leakes " does well " , and Bell stated " she actually wasn 't that bad " . Kubicek , however , while he liked the writing for the character , wrote that Leakes was " an embarrassingly terrible actress " . The opening number of the show received the most disparate reviews from critics . Kubicek was one of the most enthusiastic about " Summer Nights " , and wrote , " This is the kind of ridiculous , over the top , hilariously cheesy stuff I want to see from Glee all the time .
MacFarlane 's debut studio album , Music Is Better Than Words , was released on September 27 , 2011 , drawing on his training in and attraction to " the Great American Songbook and particularly the early- to late- ' 50s era of orchestration " . The singer , asked about his experience with the music , said he did " old Nelson Riddle , Billy May charts [ with ] one of my composers , Ron Jones , [ who ] has a group called the Influence Jazz Orchestra that he performs with throughout L.A. " His album was nominated in the Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album category at the 54th Grammy Awards .
Cummings also voiced a gopher that talks with Zazu and replaced Irons as Scar in certain lines of " Be Prepared " after Irons blew his voice . Zoe Leader as Sarafina , Nala 's mother , who is shown briefly talking to Simba 's mother , Sarabi . The idea for The Lion King was conceived in late 1988 during a conversation between Jeffrey Katzenberg , Roy E. Disney and Peter Schneider on a plane to Europe to promote Oliver & Company . During the conversation , the topic of a story set in Africa came up , and Katzenberg immediately jumped at the idea .
The remote Bob Marshall Wilderness Complex is located in the two forests immediately to the south . The park contains a dozen large lakes and 700 smaller ones , but only 131 lakes have been named . Lake McDonald on the western side of the park is the longest at 9.4 miles ( 15.1 km ) , the largest in area at 6,823 acres ( 27.61 km2 ) , and the deepest at 464 feet ( 141 m ) . Numerous smaller lakes , known as tarns , are located in cirques formed by glacial erosion . Some of these lakes , like Avalanche Lake and Cracker Lake , are colored an opaque turquoise by suspended glacial silt , which also causes a number of streams to run milky white .
On October 5 , Secretary of State Robert Lansing was the first official to propose that Marshall forcibly assume the presidency . Other cabinet secretaries backed Lansing 's request , as did Congressional leaders , including members of both the Democratic and Republican parties who sent private communications to Marshall . Marshall was cautious in accepting their offers of support . After consulting with his wife and his long time personal adviser , Mark Thistlethwaite , he privately refused to assume Wilson 's duties and become Acting President of the United States . The process for declaring a president incapacitated was unclear at that time , and he feared the precedent that might be set if he forcibly removed Wilson from office .
The show 's goals were garnered from in house formative research which informed and improved production , and independent summative evaluations conducted by the Educational Testing Service ( ETS ) during the show 's first two seasons that measured the program 's educational effectiveness . The first curriculum was created in a series of five seminars , led by Lesser and attended by Sesame Street 's new creative staff and by educational and child development specialists , in 1968 . The participants generated long lists of goals , which the Workshop organized into five categories . Eventually , these categories were whittled down to four : symbolic representation , cognitive processes , the physical environment , and the social environment .
The route from New Haven to Springfield , crossing the Connecticut River at Hartford , was marked with blue bands , signifying a major north – south route . This route crossed the Quinnipiac River in New Haven , heading north along an old road ( now Route 103 and US 5 ) to Tracy , crossing the turnpike and running through downtown Meriden on Old Colony Road , Cook Avenue , and Colony Street . It then used the turnpike alignment from Lamentation State Park into Hartford . From East Hartford north to Springfield , another older road was used .
The bluespotted ribbontail ray ( Taeniura lymma ) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae . Found from the intertidal zone to a depth of 30 m ( 100 ft ) , this species is common throughout the tropical Indian and western Pacific Oceans in nearshore , coral reef associated habitats . It is a fairly small ray , not exceeding 35 cm ( 14 in ) in width , with a mostly smooth , oval pectoral fin disc , large protruding eyes , and a relatively short and thick tail with a deep fin fold underneath . It can be easily identified by its striking color pattern of many electric blue spots on a yellowish background , with a pair of blue stripes on the tail .
During the filming of Jackson 's 1996 film The Frighteners , Universal Pictures was impressed with Jackson 's dailies and early visual effects footage . The studio was adamant to work with Jackson on his next project and , in late 1995 , offered him the chance to direct a remake of the 1954 film Creature from the Black Lagoon . He turned down the offer , but Universal became aware of Jackson 's obsession with King Kong and subsequently offered him the opportunity to direct that remake . The studio did not have to worry of lawsuits concerning the film rights from RKO Pictures ( the studio behind the 1933 film ) because the King Kong character is held in the public domain .
Hook handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John " Four Leaf " Tayback 's ( Nick Nolte ) memoir , Tropic Thunder , is being made into a film . With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky ( Jay Baruchel ) , the cast — fading action hero Tugg Speedman ( Ben Stiller ) , five time Academy Award winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus ( Robert Downey , Jr . ) , rapper Alpa Chino ( Brandon T. Jackson ) , and drug addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy ( Jack Black ) — behave unreasonably . Rookie director Damien Cockburn ( Steve Coogan ) cannot control them during filming of a large battle scene , and production is reported to be one month behind schedule a mere week into production .
The collection was present on the DVD chart for twenty weeks , and ranked at twenty on the Australian Highest Selling Music DVD chart for 2009 . The DVD debuted at the top of the Hungarian Top 20 DVD chart on September 27 , 2009 and was present for one week on the top . In Czech Republic , the DVD debuted at the top of the DVD chart on October 14 , 2009 , replacing Madonna 's compilation album Celebration . Celebration : The Video Collection was certified platinum by the Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers ( CAPIF ) for shipment of 30,000 copies in total .
He began on the show as an Indiana state auditor who visits the fictional city of Pawnee to help solve their crippling budget problems , and eventually becomes Pawnee 's acting city manager . Chris is an extremely positive person who is constantly upbeat and energetic . Extremely health conscious , he exercises constantly and eats only healthy foods , and hopes to be the first human being to live 150 years . Chris first appeared in the second season episode " The Master Plan " . Originally expected to appear in eight episodes as a guest star , Lowe eventually signed on to remain on the show as a permanent cast member .
The coin was designed by Laura Gardin Fraser and James Earle Fraser , and commemorates those who traveled the Oregon Trail and settled the Pacific Coast of the United States in the mid 19th century . Struck over a lengthy period in small numbers per year , the many varieties produced came to be considered a ripoff by coin collectors , and led to the end , for the time , of the commemorative coin series . Ohio born Ezra Meeker had traveled the Trail with his family in 1852 and spent the final two decades of his long life before his death in 1928 publicizing the Oregon Trail , that it should not be forgotten .
On 21 February 1809 , a large French fleet under Admiral Jean Baptiste Willaumez attempted to escape Brest and was chased by the blockade squadron and driven to shelter under the Ile d 'Aix . Shortly afterwards , three French frigates attempted to break out of Lorient , but were challenged and destroyed at the Action of 24 February 1809 . These operations were the preliminaries to the Battle of Basque Roads in April , but also provided the cover required for Troude 's force to escape Lorient while the British were engaged elsewhere . Travelling rapidly across the Atlantic , the French encountered no British warships but were able to seize a number of lone British merchant ships , from whom Troude learned that the invasion of Martinique was already underway .
The sketch of the project was done by Lluís Bonet i Garí , Gaudí 's assistant . In 1922 Gaudí was commissioned , by the Franciscan Padre Angélico Aranda , to construct a church dedicated to the Assumption in the Chilean city of Rancagua . Gaudí apologised and said that he was occupied exclusively with the Sagrada Família , but sent some sketches of the Assumption chapel which he had designed for the apse of the Sagrada Família , which more or less coincided with what Padre Aranda had asked for . Unfortunately this project was not carried out , though there are currently plans by the Chilean architect Christian Matzner to take up the project .
Size definitions must be met for six hours or greater . Its maximum extent is defined as when the cloud shield , or the overall cloud formation , reaches its maximum area . Its eccentricity ( minor axis / major axis ) is greater than or equal to 0.7 at maximum extent , so they are fairly round . They are long lived , nocturnal in formation as they tend to form overnight , and commonly contain heavy rainfall , wind , hail , lightning and possibly tornadoes . A squall line is an elongated line of severe thunderstorms that can form along and / or ahead of a cold front .
Thunderstorm activity developed within the monsoon trough 465 kilometres ( 289 mi ) southwest of Guam . The system tracked west northwest , a course it would continue through its life cycle . After crossing the northern portion of Luzon , the system became a tropical depression late on August 25 and a tropical storm on August 26 . On the morning of August 27 , the cyclone passed south of Hong Kong , bringing wind gusts to 56 knots ( 104 km / h ) at Waglan Island and 76 knots ( 141 km / h ) at Tai Mo Shen in Hong Kong .
However , the cost of upholding his position at the papal court caused him to sell most of his grandfather Honoré II 's art collection , denuding the palace he had earlier so spectacularly enhanced . Louis died before securing the Spanish throne for France , an act which would have earned the Grimaldi huge rewards . Instead Europe was immediately plunged into turmoil as the War of the Spanish Succession began . In 1701 , Prince Antoine succeeded Louis I and inherited an almost bankrupt Monaco , though he did further embellish the Royal Room . On its ceiling , Gregorio de Ferrari and Alexandre Haffner depicted a figure of Fame surrounded by lunettes illustrating the four seasons .
Once again Puma King tried to help his uncle , but this time the referee disqualified El Felino for the transgression . La Sombra and El Felino continued to feud , both interfering in a match between Volador Jr. and Místico . The storyline led to Místico , Volador Jr . , La Sombra and El Felino being booked in a four way Lucha de Apuestas match as the main event of the 2010 2010 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas ( " Homage to Two Legends " ) show . La Sombra was the first man pinned at Dos Leyendas and El Felino was the second , forcing the two to compete with their masks on the line .
Of these ephemeral productions , " bookplates have survived the best " . Bewick 's bookplates were illustrations made from engravings , containing the name or initials of the book 's owner . The various editions of Aesop 's Fables illustrated by Bewick span almost his entire creative life . The first was created for the Newcastle bookseller Thomas Saint during his apprentice years , an edition of Robert Dodsley 's Select Fables published in 1776 . With his brother John he later contributed to a three volume edition for the same publisher in 1784 , reusing some pictures from the 1776 edition .
From this time a business letter from Amy Dudley survives , settling some debts of her husband 's in his absence , " although I forgot to move my lord thereof before his departing , he being sore troubled with weighty affairs , and I not being altogether in quiet for his sudden departing " . In the summer of 1558 Robert and Amy Dudley were looking for a suitable residence of their own in order to settle in Norfolk ; nothing came of this , however , before the death of Queen Mary I in November 1558 . Upon the accession of Elizabeth I Robert Dudley became Master of the Horse and his place was now at court at almost constant attendance on the Queen .
As early as 1569 , it was proposed that a small fort with a cavalier be built on the Isolotto to prevent the enemy from taking the island and building batteries on it . The threat was again highlighted by the Spanish military engineer Scipione Campi in 1577 , and by Giovanni Battista in 1582 . The next proposal to build a fortification on the island was made by the Italian military engineer Antonio Maurizio Valperga in 1670 . He proposed a roughly hexagonal fort with a hornwork , in the Dutch style of fortification . The proposal was criticized by the Order 's engineers , and a third proposal was drawn up by the Flemish military engineer Carlos de Grunenbergh in 1687 .
This room also features a fine carved overmantel with a woven love knot and central heart ; the ground floor room to the right of the hall contains a further good example of a carved overmantel . One of the rooms has panels decorated with intersecting triangles . Churche 's Mansion was constructed on the edge of Nantwich , and in the 16th century would presumably have been surrounded by farmland . The building was originally moated , and traces of the moat remained in the late 19th century . The transfer deed of 1474 / 5 mentions that the plot had gardens and orchards , while Richard Churche 's will of 1592 describes the property as having " gardens meadowe dovehouse stable & buyldings " and an orchard is also mentioned in the 1691 rate book .
Another Venus – Jupiter conjunction occurred earlier in August , 3 BC . These events however occurred after the generally accepted date of 4 BC for the death of Herod . Since the conjunction would have been seen in the west at sunset it could not have led the magi south from Jerusalem to Bethlehem . Other writers suggest that the star was a comet . Halley 's Comet was visible in 12 BC and another object , possibly a comet or nova , was seen by Chinese and Korean stargazers in about 5 BC . This object was observed for over seventy days with no movement recorded .
Unable to sway enough disaffected Kirchner supporters , Lavagna garnered third place . Alfonsín was honoured by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner with a bust of his likeness at the Casa Rosada on October 1 , 2008 . This was his last public appearance . Alfonsín died at home on 31 March 2009 , at the age of 82 , after being diagnosed a year before with lung cancer . The streets around his house at the Santa Fe avenue were filled with hundreds of people , who started a candlelight vigil . The radical Julio Cobos , Fernández de Kirchner 's vice president , was the acting president at the moment and ordered three days of national mourning .
She advises Claudius that he should end Otho 's ambitions once and for all by abdicating in favour of Nero . Claudius agrees , believing that this will enable him to win Poppaea . Poppaea now plans some deceit of her own , in an effort to divert Claudius 's wrath from Otho with whom she has now reconciled . She hides Otho in her bedroom with instructions to listen carefully . Soon Nero arrives to press his love on her ( " Coll 'ardor del tuo bel core " ) , but she tricks him into hiding as well .
Harith had been raised to the kingship and to the position of supreme phylarch by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I ( r . 527 – 565 ) , who wished thereby to create a strong counterpart to the Lakhmid rulers . Mundhir had been confirmed as his father 's heir as early as 563 , during the latter 's visit to Constantinople , and succeeded after Harith 's death in 569 . It appears that Mundhir inherited his father 's Byzantine titles one at a time , as they were not hereditary : the rank of patricius , the honorific appellation paneuphemos ( most honorable ) and the prestigious honorific gentilicum " Flavius " , borne by the Byzantine emperors and consuls .
The eighth species of the genus , the marsh rice rat ( O. palustris ) is the only member of its own group ( unless western populations are classified as a separate species , O. texensis ) . Oryzomys previously included many other species , which were reclassified in various studies culminating in contributions by Marcelo Weksler and coworkers in 2006 that removed more than forty species from the genus . All are placed in the tribe Oryzomyini ( " rice rats " ) , a diverse assemblage of over a hundred species , and on higher taxonomic levels in the subfamily Sigmodontinae of the family Cricetidae , along with hundreds of other species of mainly small rodents .
Nova reached the sixth inning only once , however , as he allowed a higher opponents ' batting average and ERA in the fifth inning than in the first four . The Yankees did not include Nova on their postseason roster . Nova entered spring training in 2011 expected to secure a spot in the starting rotation . Nova was named to the Yankees ' starting rotation . On June 20 , Nova had the longest start in his career , allowing one run in eight innings against the Cincinnati Reds , while striking out seven . Through June , Nova had an 8 – 4 win – loss record and 4.15 ERA , including a 4 – 1 record and 3.35 ERA in his six most recent starts .
In Portal 2 , communication is vital to success " . Several reviewers praised the non verbal cues that players could initiate to work with their partners . Portal 2 was praised for the amount of detail in its design , sound , and music . Nelson credited the " sheer amount of detail " put into the game 's world , and wrote , " it all feels very real and natural with brief moments where you 're simply sucked into this world " . Onyett was impressed with the amount of visual details and capabilities Valve achieved from their Source game engine and that the added details and animations of the levels " consistently serv [ ed ] not only to entertain the eye but to expand our understanding of the game 's characters " .
Yavuz and Midilli returned to the Bosphorus unharmed . On 25 April , the same day the Allies landed at Gallipoli , Russian naval forces arrived off the Bosphorus and bombarded the forts guarding the strait . Two days later Yavuz Sultan Selim headed south to the Dardanelles to bombard Allied troops at Gallipoli , accompanied by the pre dreadnought battleship Turgut Reis . They were spotted at dawn from a kite balloon as they were getting into position . When the first 15 inch ( 380 mm ) round from the dreadnought Queen Elizabeth landed close by , Yavuz moved out of firing position , close to the cliffs , where Queen Elizabeth could not engage her .
The Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern enthusiastically praised both the song and the sequence , hailing the latter as " magical " while describing " Happy Working Song " as a " gleeful variation on theme of ' Whistle While You Work ' " . Similarly , Todd McCarthy of Variety called " Happy Working Song " " a hilarious variation on ' Whistle While You Work ' " . Sun Media 's Kevin Williamson hailed the musical number as one of the film 's " stand outs " , elaborating , " [ ' ] Happy Working Song [ ' is ] a crowd pleaser .
The Bears drove to their own 47 , but on a fourth down conversion attempt , tight end Desmond Clark dropped a potential first down reception after being leveled by defensive back Matt Giordano . The Colts subsequently called eight consecutive Dominic Rhodes runs before turning the ball over on downs themselves , leaving only 1 : 42 remaining in regulation . Five plays later , the game was over . This was the third Super Bowl to have two players rush for more than 100 yards as Dominic Rhodes had 113 for the Colts and Thomas Jones had 112 for the Bears .
Middlesbrough 's original home kit upon election to the Football League in 1899 was a white home shirt with blue shorts and they did not adopt their colours of red and white until later that season . Previous kits included a white shirt with a blue and white polka dotted collar from around 1889 . The Middlesbrough kit has remained broadly the same over the years with a red shirt and socks and either red or white shorts . The distinctive broad white stripe across the chest was introduced by Jack Charlton in 1973 ( following an attempt to change the home shirt to a Leeds United style white shirt ) and brought back for a one off in 1997 – 98 and then again for the 2000 – 01 and 2004 – 05 seasons due to popular demand .
Poitier portrays a monster similar to Gamera , a flying turtle monster , and film critic Leonard Maltin transforms into a giant mechanical superhero resembling that of Japanese television superhero Ultraman . During the fights sequence , Stan shouts for Smith to " use robot punch " , a line frequently used in Ultraman television shows . The Diamond of Pantheos , on the other hand , closely resembles the pendant worn by a major character in the anime Galaxy Express 999 . When the monsters battle each other at the end of the episode , a Japanese man sings songs about each of the monsters while they approach .
The carrier ended operations on 30 September 2014 after being fully integrated with Japan Airlines . JAL Express ( JEX ) was established on April 1 , 1997 , as a wholly owned domestic subsidiary airline of Japan Airlines ( JAL ) , with an initial capital of ¥ 5.8 million . The airline operates scheduled passenger services to regional domestic destinations in Japan , as well as some low demand flights for JAL under wet lease agreement . It was anticipated that the airline may enter services on the domestic trunk and short haul international routes . On July 1 , 1998 , JAL Express commenced operations from Osaka to Miyazaki and Kagoshima with two Boeing 737 400s , non Japanese cockpit crew , and short term contracted cabin attendants .
He assembled a team which contained several Scottish players , and also brought in England international outside right Dicky Bond . Speirs made his debut on the opening day of the 1909 – 10 season , as City lost 1 – 0 to Manchester United . His first goal came three months later , in a 3 – 1 victory over Sunderland , during the middle of a ten game undefeated spell . Speirs played in all 38 games during his first season , scoring six times , as City finished seventh . He also played in both the club 's FA Cup games that season , scoring in a 4 – 2 victory over Notts County in the first round .
At the time of filming " The Five " , the actors who played Watson and Griffin had not been cast yet . The producers would later cast Peter Wingfield as Watson . According to Amanda Tapping , casting Wingfield was " so easy " as " he has this sensibility about him , much like [ Christopher Heyerdahl ] does . " While filming his scenes , Wingfield did not want his exoskeleton prop to be removed between takes , as he wanted to stay in character . When the producers conceived Clara Griffin , the granddaughter of Nigel Griffin , they were looking for a young local actress to play the part who would look like a potential love interest to Will Zimmerman .
General purpose supercomputers have been used to simulate protein folding , but such systems are intrinsically expensive and typically shared among many research groups . Additionally , because the computations in kinetic models are serial in nature , strong scaling of traditional molecular simulations to these architectures is exceptionally difficult . Moreover , as protein folding is a stochastic process and can statistically vary over time , it is computationally challenging to use long simulations for comprehensive views of the folding process . Protein folding does not occur in a single step . Instead , proteins spend the majority of their folding time — nearly 96 % in some cases — " waiting " in various intermediate conformational states , each a local thermodynamic free energy minimum in the protein 's energy landscape .
It is their first album with guitarist Steve Howe who replaced Peter Banks in 1970 , and their last in the 1970s to feature keyboardist Tony Kaye . The album was the first by the group not to feature any cover versions , which had been a staple of their material until that point . The band spent mid 1970 writing and rehearsing new material at a farmhouse in South Molton , Devon , and the new songs were recorded at Advision Studios in the autumn . While the album retained close harmony singing , Kaye 's Hammond organ and Chris Squire 's melodic bass , as heard on earlier releases , the new material also covered further styles including jazz piano , funk and acoustic music , with all band members contributing ideas , and tracks were extended in length to allow music to develop .
By 1968 , Townshend was unsure about how the Who should progress musically . The group were no longer teenagers , but he wanted their music to remain relevant . His friend , International Times art director Mike McInnerney , told him about the Indian spiritual mentor Meher Baba , and Townshend became fascinated with Baba 's values of compassion , love and introspection . The Who 's commercial success was on the wane after the single " Dogs " failed to make the top 20 , and there was a genuine risk of the band breaking up . Live performances remained strong , and the group spent most of the spring and summer touring the US and Canada but their stage act relied on Townshend smashing his guitar or Moon demolishing his drums , which kept the group in debt .
The conductor Sir Thomas Beecham wrote that for 200 years the chorus was " the national medium of musical utterance " in Britain . However , after the heyday of Victorian choral societies , he noted a " rapid and violent reaction against monumental performances ... an appeal from several quarters that Handel should be played and heard as in the days between 1700 and 1750 " . At the end of the century , Sir Frederick Bridge and T. W. Bourne pioneered revivals of Messiah in Handel 's orchestration , and Bourne 's work was the basis for further scholarly versions in the early 20th century .
However , many clarinetists and conductors prefer to play parts originally written for obscure instruments on B ♭ or E ♭ clarinets , which are often of better quality and more prevalent and accessible . The clarinet is widely used as a solo instrument . The relatively late evolution of the clarinet ( when compared to other orchestral woodwinds ) has left solo repertoire from the Classical period and later , but few works from the Baroque era . Many clarinet concertos have been written to showcase the instrument , with the concerti by Mozart , Copland , and Weber being well known .
She also sings the lines " Let me feed you , let me run your bath water , whatever you desire " after the thins she had previously listed . Rowland was noted for nearly rapping her solo part during which she promises to " keep my figure right , " " keep my hair fixed " and acknowledges that if her man comes later home while she 's asleep , " all he 's gotta do is tap her on the shoulder and ' I 'll roll over . ' " Williams sings her solo verses during the song 's bridge .
Despite this , Crosby remained popular through his senior year at the university , and he was one of three graduates presented with a class award . Upon graduation from the school , Crosby enrolled in New York Law School and joined a law office in New York City . In October 1892 , shortly after he began attending New York Law School , Crosby was invited by former Yale coach Walter Camp to live in Annapolis , Maryland and serve as the coach for the United States Naval Academy football team . The program requested that Camp serve as coach in response to Army 's hiring of Crosby 's former teammate , Henry L. Williams , but Camp suggested that Crosby would be a better fit for the job .
Gary Rook of Sinclair User similarly praised the gameplay , suggesting that it had a " workmanship " quality to it , however he noted that it lacked a " certain sparkle " . Gordon Hamlett of ZX Computing found some aspects of the gameplay confusing , comparing it to juggling . A reviewer of Computer and Video Games stated that the game " isn 't very good " , nor the best Battle of Britain recreation on the market , and criticised on how interceptions were " far too easy " to make . Reviewing the ZX Spectrum version of the game , a critic from Advanced Computer Entertainment cited the game as historically inaccurate due to it lasting only 30 days , whereas the actual Battle of Britain was considerably longer .
Thermogenin is a 33 kDa protein first discovered in 1973 . Thermogenin is primarily found in brown adipose tissue , or brown fat , and is responsible for non shivering thermogenesis . Brown adipose tissue is found in mammals , and is at its highest levels in early life and in hibernating animals . In humans , brown adipose tissue is present at birth and decreases with age . The concentrations of free calcium in the cell can regulate an array of reactions and is important for signal transduction in the cell . Mitochondria can transiently store calcium , a contributing process for the cell 's homeostasis of calcium .
It is widely distributed in mixed and deciduous forests of the southeastern United States , where it grows solitarily or in groups on the ground in late summer and autumn . The mushrooms , which have an odor resembling bleaching powder , are not recommended for consumption . The species was first described scientifically by Miles Joseph Berkeley and Moses Ashley Curtis in 1859 as Agaricus ravenelii . Pier Andrea Saccardo transferred it to the genus Amanita in 1887 . It is in the subsection Solitariae , section Lepidella in the genus Amanita . Other North American species in the section Lepidella include A. abrupta , A. atkinsoniana , A. chlorinosma , A. cokeri , A. daucipes , A. mutabilis , A. onusta , A. pelioma , A. polypyramis , and A. rhopalopus .
The first written description of an infinite series that could be used to compute π was laid out in Sanskrit verse by Indian astronomer Nilakantha Somayaji in his Tantrasamgraha , around 1500 AD . The series are presented without proof , but proofs are presented in a later Indian work , Yuktibhāṣā , from around 1530 AD . Nilakantha attributes the series to an earlier Indian mathematician , Madhava of Sangamagrama , who lived c . 1350 – c . 1425 . Several infinite series are described , including series for sine , tangent , and cosine , which are now referred to as the Madhava series or Gregory – Leibniz series .
By summing an infinity of such conatuses ( i.e. , what is now called integration ) , Leibniz could measure the effect of a continuous force . He defines impetus as the result of a continuous summation of the conatus of a body , just as the vis viva ( or " living force " ) is the sum of the inactive vis mortua . Based on the work of Kepler and probably Descartes , Leibniz develops a model of planetary motion based on the conatus principle , the idea of aether and a fluid vortex . This theory is expounded in the work Tentamen de motuum coelestium causis ( 1689 ) .
On 13 June , Devers ordered Larkin to shift priority for supplies from Fifth Army in Italy to Seventh Army . Two days later , Wilson ordered VI Corps to be withdrawn from the front line in preparation for Anvil . Virtually all the material needed for the assault was on hand , on the way , or promised , thanks to Devers ' efforts to preserve the stockpile of Anvil stores and supplies even when the operation was in doubt . To command the assault , he created a special headquarters on Corsica called Advanced Detachment AFHQ , with Devers in command .
Another dramatic result of Brezhnev 's rule was that certain Eastern Bloc countries became more economically advanced than the Soviet Union . Over the eighteen years that Brezhnev ruled the Soviet Union , average income per head increased by half ; three quarters of this growth came in the 1960s and early 1970s . During the second half of Brezhnev 's reign , average income per head grew by one quarter . In the first half of the Brezhnev period , income per head increased by 3.5 % per annum ; slightly less growth than what it had been the previous years .
General Reynolds was shot and killed early in the fighting while directing troop and artillery placements just to the east of the woods . Shelby Foote wrote that the Union cause lost a man considered by many to be " the best general in the army . " Maj. Gen. Abner Doubleday assumed command . Fighting in the Chambersburg Pike area lasted until about 12 : 30 p.m. It resumed around 2 : 30 p.m. , when Heth 's entire division engaged , adding the brigades of Pettigrew and Col. John M. Brockenbrough . As Pettigrew 's North Carolina Brigade came on line , they flanked the 19th Indiana and drove the Iron Brigade back .
Prohaska was to act in concert with the 11th Battalion who were already in the vicinity of Plužine , just to the north of the Nevesinje – Gacko road . In preparation , the 15th Battalion was trucked to Nevesinje , and a company of the 17th Battalion conducted a coordinated attack with the 11th Battalion on rebel positions near Kifino Selo . This attack was defeated by the rebels , and a battalion commander was killed . During the remainder of the day , the Italians collected the bodies of their dead from the rebel ambush on 28 June , and rescued some Home Guard troops that had escaped Avtovac , but then returned to Plana , just north of Bileća .
They were only able to offer the actors salaries that were well below their usual pay , but they agreed because of the quality of McQuarrie 's script and the chance to work with each other . That money fell through , however , and Singer used the script and the cast to attract PolyGram to pick up the film negative . About casting , Singer said , " You pick people not for what they are , but what you imagine they can turn into . " To research his role , Spacey met doctors and experts on cerebral palsy and talked with Singer about how it would fit dramatically in the film .
On December 27 , 2005 , the RCMP confirmed that information in a press release . At the conclusion of the investigation , Serge Nadeau , a top Finance Department civil servant , was charged with criminal breach of trust . No charges were laid against then Finance Minister Ralph Goodale . The election gave Harper 's Conservatives the largest number of seats in the House , although not enough for a majority government , and shortly after midnight on January 24 , Martin conceded defeat . Later that day , Martin informed Governor General Michaëlle Jean that he would resign as prime minister , and at 6 : 45 p.m. Jean asked Harper to form a government .
Founded in 1908 , ANAK 's purpose is " to honor outstanding juniors and seniors who have shown both exemplary leadership and a true love for Georgia Tech " . The society is named after Anak , a biblical figure said to be the forefather of a race of giants . ANAK comprises at least 1,100 Georgia Tech graduates , faculty members , and honorary members . Although not founded as a secret society , it has kept its activities and membership rosters confidential since 1961 . Membership is made public upon a student 's graduation or a faculty member 's retirement .
Beresford followed the instructions slowly but surely and finally began the Siege of Badajoz on 4 May . A positive development for the Allies during this time was the appearance of another Spanish force in the region . The Spanish Regency at Cádiz had sent General Joaquín Blake , with the two divisions of Zayas and Lardizábal , by sea to Ayamonte on the mouth of the Guadiana . Landing on 18 April , Blake 's army moved to join General Francisco Ballesteros at the Spanish town of Xeres . Although Blake was himself a member of the Spanish Regency , he was junior to Castaños in the military hierarchy ( but senior to Ballasteros ) .
House building on a large scale cannot be started before the enormous amount of rubble is cleared . The government and donors must prioritize this most basic step toward helping people return home " . Robert Fox , executive director of Oxfam Canada , said " The dysfunction has been aided unabated by the way the international community has organized itself , where pledges have been made and they haven 't followed through [ and ] where they come to the table with their own agendas and own priorities . Most donors provided funds for transitional housing but very little money for clearing rubble or repairing houses " .
The ruling only applies in Australia and Deckers still owns the trademarks in other jurisdictions such as the US , China , Japan and the European Union . In 1998 , Deckers demanded that the American company Koolaburra cease infringing the UGG trademark . Koolaburra replied that they did not use the name " UGG " or " UGH " and that the only mark they used was " Ug " . Deckers sent a further " cease and desist " letter in 2001 and another in 2003 but Koolaburra declined to stop using the name " Ug " and in 2004 , Deckers filed a case against Koolaburra in the California federal court alleging ( 1 ) trademark infringement , ( 2 ) false designation of origin ( Koolaburra labelled their boots " Australian Ug Boots " ) , ( 3 ) trademark dilution , ( 4 ) cybersquatting , ( 5 ) unfair competition , ( 6 ) trade disparagement , ( 7 ) unjust enrichment and ( 8 ) breach of contract ( Deckers claimed that in 1998 Koolaburra had agreed to stop using the name Ug ) .
On October 8 , 2005 , at New Japan Pro Wrestling 's ( NJPW ) Toukon Souzou New Chapter event in Tokyo , Japan , Brock Lesnar defeated Kazuyuki Fujita and Masahiro Chono in a Three Way match for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship . He held the title for 280 days , having three successful defenses , until he failed to show up for a scheduled title defense . NJPW thus stripped Lesnar of the championship on July 15 , 2006 . Lesnar cited visa issues along with NJPW owing him compensation for his reasons at failing to appear at the planned title defense .
The ship did not sink right away , however . Continuing on her way , Sterett was suddenly ambushed by Teruzuki , heavily damaged , and forced to withdraw from the battle area to the east . Aaron Ward wound up in a one on one duel with Kirishima , which the destroyer lost with heavy damage . She also tried to retire from the battle area to the east but soon stopped dead in the water because the engines were damaged . Robert Leckie , a Marine private on Guadalcanal , described the battle : The star shells rose , terrible and red .
" In 1993 , Korn released their first demo album , Neidermayer 's Mind . The album had very limited printing , and was not well received by critics or the public . It was released to record companies and to people who filled out a flyer given out at gigs they played for free with Biohazard and House of Pain . With this demo , Korn pioneered the nu metal sound . By May 1994 , Korn began recording their debut album with Ross Robinson . It was finished recording by the end of June 1994 . On October 11 , 1994 , Korn released a self – titled album through Immortal Records , an Epic imprint label , which peaked at number one on the Heatseekers Albums chart , and would eventually reach number seventy two on the Billboard 200 in February 1996 .
She suggests that he ask the Stonecutters to do volunteer work to help the community , which Homer agrees to , and has the Stonecutters use their resources to help with daycare and community upkeep . This angers the Stonecutters , who misinterpret Homer 's good intentions as going mad with power . They convene their World Council and consider killing Homer before he supposedly kills anyone for disobeying his commands . Instead , Moe suggests they form a new society , the Ancient Mystic Society of No Homers ( once again including a now adult Homer Glumplet ) . Homer becomes despondent about losing his secret club and replaces every member with monkeys which he gets drunk and makes act out Civil War battles .
Al received an honorable discharge from the US Army on September 1 , 1945 . Two months later , unable to find Lucille , Al went to the Berkeley , California home of a family friend named Mrs. Champ , who had taken care of and had attempted to adopt Hendrix ; this is where Al saw his son for the first time . After returning from service , Al reunited with Lucille , but his inability to find steady work left the family impoverished . They both struggled with alcohol , and often fought when intoxicated . The violence sometimes drove Hendrix to withdraw and hide in a closet in their home .
These languages are of unique historical significance , since most historical linguists consider Taiwan to be the original homeland of the Austronesian language family ( Blust 1999 ) . During the European period ( 1623 – 1662 ) soldiers and traders representing the Dutch East India Company maintained a colony in southwestern Taiwan ( 1624 – 1662 ) near present day Tainan City . This established an Asian base for triangular trade between the company , the Qing Dynasty and Japan , with the hope of interrupting Portuguese and Spanish trading alliances . The Spanish also maintained a colony in northern Taiwan ( 1626 – 1642 ) in present day Keelung .
If they heard dots , the short 0.2 s pulse , they would know they were too far to the left , and turned to the right in order to reach the centreline . Dashes indicated they should turn left . In the centre the receiver could hear both signals , which merged to form a steady tone , the equisignal . For BABS , the only change was to change the broadcast 's transmissions to a series of short pulses rather than a continuous signal . These pulses were sent out when triggered by the AI radar 's signals and were powerful enough that they could be picked up by the Mk .
On December 9 , Temple Owls matched up against Georgetown . Fran Dunphy earned his 400th career victory , as his Owls upset the tenth ranked Hoyas 68 – 65 . At their first home game in almost a month , Temple Owls took an early 6 – 0 lead and did not trail the entire game . They led by 11 in the first half , and a backdoor cut to Ramone Moore put the Owls up 39 – 32 at the break . The Hoyas manage to tie the game at 56 when Chris Wright sunk a pair of free throws .
" Her combination of attractive appearance – centered on her large eyes – and somewhat distant and understated manner made her hard at first for MGM to cast and publicize . Davis appeared in eleven feature films , usually typecast as a " loyal housewife " , " responsible young mother " , or " the steady woman " . Jane Powell , Debbie Reynolds , Leslie Caron , and Janet Leigh were among the actresses with whom she competed for roles at MGM . Davis ' film career began with small supporting roles in two films released in 1949 , The Doctor and the Girl with Glenn Ford and East Side , West Side starring Barbara Stanwyck .
Sinden considered the first period of the first Swedish game the team 's worst since the team was put together , but the team improved and started to take command . Henderson , Clarke , Cashman and Parise scored . Sinden criticized the German referees : " ... they were absolutely terrible . They couldn 't even skate . They were miles behind the play all night and don 't know the damn rules . Their incompetence helped the game become very bitter . " The players were also introduced to the style of play of the Swedes , who were well used to using stick work to throw off their opponents .
Although Dylan had been noncommittal about playing at that event until the last minute , a mutual friend of his and Harrison 's , journalist Al Aronowitz , had assured Boyd , " Bob wouldn 't let George down " ; another performer at the shows , drummer Jim Keltner , has said that Dylan felt a special closeness towards Harrison as a result of the Concert for Bangladesh . Four years later , while Harrison was dejected following what author Elliot Huntley terms the " tsunami of bile that the Dark Horse album had unleashed " , he spent considerable time with Dylan in Los Angeles .
The film is now sold by itself without the original Saw . According to The Numbers.com , which only counts DVD sales in the United States , Saw VI placed number three its first week on the DVD sales chart , selling 220,107 units ( $ 2,766,088 ) in the United States . In comparison , Saw V sold 515,095 units ( $ 11,326,939 ) its first week . In the first three weeks Saw VI sold 443,710 units for $ 7,587,396 . Saw VI opened in 3,036 theaters on 4,000 screens and earned $ 6.9 million on its opening day , in second place behind Paranormal Activity which grossed $ 7.5 million that day during its second weekend of wide release .
Her mother , Susan , had been a school teacher in the Fitchburg area and during the Civil War was a leader of the Ladies ' Soldiers Aid Society , which provided clothing , blankets , and other supplies to soldiers from Fitchburg and other locations in the state of Massachusetts . In 1863 , her three year old brother Nelson died of scarlet fever , and when she was 14 , her mother died of consumption . Norcross and her father , the remaining household members , had a close relationship . Norcross was afforded a privileged education that was not available to many young ladies of her generation .
Curving back to the west , Astride struck northeastern Madagascar between Vohemar and Antsiranana on December 31 as a minimal tropical storm . It emerged into the Mozambique Channel as a tropical depression , and despite forecasts to the contrary , it reintensified into a tropical storm before passing near Mayotte on January 2 . Early the next day , Astride weakened back to tropical depression status before moving ashore eastern Mozambique near Pemba , dissipating soon after . On Tromelin , Astride brought strong winds , including 10 ‑ minute sustained winds of 101 km / h ( 63 mph ) and gusts to 127 km / h ( 79 mph ) .
He agreed to a four year contract at a salary of $ 95,000 a year . Even though Skip came from a " major football institution " ( Notre Dame ) , University of Connecticut President Dr. Harry J. Hartley said that the hire " should not be seen as a signal that Connecticut intends to upgrade its program . " Despite Hartley 's remarks , Holtz planned to help elevate the team from I AA to I A. Holtz commented on Hartley 's remarks by saying " I 'd love to have the opportunity to coach a Division I team here .... " In 1998 , UConn , after 100 years of football and five years with Skip Holtz as its head coach , played in its first Division I AA playoff game .
" Not Now " features a church organ in its verses and guitar riffs reminiscent of the Descendents ; its subject matter continues the theme of complicated miscommunication and fading love . Due to some contradicting sources , the title of the album ( or lack thereof ) is debated . Travis Barker , in his memoir Can I Say , writes that " Some people think it ’ s a self titled album , called Blink 182 , but Mark [ Hoppus ] has always insisted it was actually untitled . " A 2003 interview and article from MTV News discussing the naming of the pending album repeatedly refers to the release as the " untitled album , " while a press release from that time period confirms the same .
According to the customs of some tribes , it was considered taboo to skin the animal , while other tribes thought the animal 's head had a special status , and saved them for burial . The koala was heavily hunted by European settlers in the early 20th century , largely for its thick , soft fur . More than two million pelts are estimated to have left Australia by 1924 . Pelts were in demand for use in rugs , coat linings , muffs , and as trimming on women 's garments . Extensive cullings occurred in Queensland in 1915 , 1917 , and again in 1919 , when over one million koalas were killed with guns , poisons , and nooses .
Hand raised birds can be bought for anywhere between $ 15,000 to $ 40,000 in the United States , where they are seldom seen in aviculture . Hand reared birds are able to learn a few words and can be quite affectionate , although males may become imprinted and unlikely to breed . The red tailed black cockatoo is the most commonly seen of the black cockatoos in captivity , and can be hardy and long lived if given plenty of space . Until now , most birds in captivity have been of subspecies C. b. banksii and C. b. samueli .
Denver lies within the semi arid , continental climate zone ( Köppen climate classification BSk ) . It has four distinct seasons and receives a modest amount of precipitation spread through the year . Due to its inland location on the High Plains , at the foot of the Rocky Mountains , Denver , like all cities along the eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains , is subject to sudden changes in weather . Denver can typically count on having about 115 clear days , 130 partly cloudy days and 120 cloudy days each year . July is the warmest month , with a daily average temperature of 74.2 ° F ( 23.4 ° C ) .
He continued to be punished by the Australian batsmen , taking a total of 1 / 178 from 26 overs , an economy rate of 6.84 . However , he did manage to resist the Australians with the bat ; in his only two innings he made 32 not out and 23 as the Indian batting was dismissed for only 203 and 151 respectively . Despite these performances , Kartik was retained for the ODI tour of Pakistan with Harbhajan still injured , taking five wickets at 32.80 at an economy of 5.46 . He played in three of the five matches and India won all of these .
Harding biographer Charles W. Murray noted that there is no evidence besides Harvey 's word that Harding went to the Hays suite that night , and that other participants denied that Harding was there . Harding was so uncertain of victory that he filed for re election to the Senate , though Daugherty continued to urge delegates to support him . The reassembled delegates had heard rumors that Harding was the choice of a cabal of senators . Although this was not true , delegates believed it , and sought a way out by voting for Harding . When balloting resumed on the morning of June 12 , Harding gained votes on each of the next four ballots , rising to 1331 ⁄ 2 as the two frontrunners saw little change .
Assuming that the two lobes of the nebula are symmetrical , the projection of the nebula onto the sky depends on its distance . Values of 2,300 , 2,250 and 2,300 parsecs have been derived for the Homunculus , and Eta Carinae is clearly at the same distance . The Eta Carinae star system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in great detail . Until recently Eta Carinae was thought to be the most massive single star , but the system 's binary nature was confirmed in 2005 . Unfortunately , both component stars are largely obscured by circumstellar material ejected from Eta Carinae A and basic properties such as their temperatures and luminosities can only be inferred .
Although tenebrae / tenebre is a Latin / Italian word meaning " darkness " or " shadows " , Argento ordered cinematographer Luciano Tovoli to use as much bright light as possible . The director intended that the film be set in the near future and wanted the lighting to help create a " cold , stark and semi futuristic look " . Argento explained that this approach was also an attempt to imitate what he saw as the " realistic manner of lighting " used in television police shows . The director explained that he was adopting " a modern style of photography , deliberately breaking with the legacy of German Expressionism .
He ushered him into the marriage as the other Tuscan princes , Francesco Maria de ' Medici and Gian Gastone de ' Medici , were sickly and unlikely to produce children . The main suitors were : Violante of Bavaria , a Bavarian princess , Isabel Luisa of Portugal ( the heiress apparent of Portugal ) , and the Elector Palatine 's daughters . Negotiations with the Portuguese were intense , but stalled over certain clauses : Ferdinando and Isabel Luisa would live in Lisbon , Ferdinando would renounce his right to the Tuscan throne unless the Infanta 's father , King Peter II , remarried and had male issue , and if Isabel Luisa became Queen of Portugal , and Cosimo III , Gian Gastone and Francesco Maria died without any male heirs , Tuscany would be annexed by Portugal .
The creek serves as a tributary of the San Antonio River and forms the easternmost boundary of its watershed . The stream is used for both recreational and political purposes , serving as the eastern boundary of Bexar County , Texas . A wide variety of fish and other wildlife are known to occupy the waters , and several parks have been established along its banks , including Cibolo Nature Center , Boerne City Park and Jackson Nature Center . Additionally , numerous human settlements have been founded on the creek , such as Boerne , Fair Oaks Ranch , San Antonio , Bulverde , Bracken , Selma , Schertz , Universal City , Cibolo , Zuehl , New Berlin , La Vernia , Cestohowa , Kosciusko , Sutherland Springs and Panna Maria .
Biehn 's scene was not featured in the theatrical release of the film , but it was restored in extended versions of the film . Hamilton 's then twenty month old son Dalton plays her on screen son in a dream sequence set in a playground . Sven Ole Thorsen played a security guard when John is at the Galleria with his friend Tim . Talk of a potential sequel to The Terminator arose soon after its release , but several outstanding issues precluded such a production . There were technical limitations regarding computer generated imagery , a vital aspect of the film that would be crucial in the creation of the T 1000 Terminator .
There are 13 known isotopes of boron , the shortest lived isotope is 7B which decays through proton emission and alpha decay . It has a half life of 3.5 × 10 − 22 s . Isotopic fractionation of boron is controlled by the exchange reactions of the boron species B ( OH ) 3 and [ B ( OH ) 4 ] − . Boron isotopes are also fractionated during mineral crystallization , during H2O phase changes in hydrothermal systems , and during hydrothermal alteration of rock . The latter effect results in preferential removal of the [ 10B ( OH ) 4 ] − ion onto clays .
Smits earned five consecutive Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series nominations as well as three nominations for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama for the Simone role . Smits , who earned the Golden Globe Award at the 53rd Golden Globe Awards in 1996 for the role , stated that " I accomplished what I sought to do - to prove I can act - and now it 's time to seek another course . " In mid June 1998 , rumors surfaced that Rick Schroder would replace Smits . The following week , Schroder was officially announced as the replacement .
NY 253 once entered this junction on Mendon Center Road and followed NY 64 into Pittsford ; however , today , NY 64 continues alone onto South Main Street . The route ends just under 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) later at the junction of South Main Street and Jefferson Road , where it meets NY 96 and NY 252 . In 1908 , the New York State Legislature created Route 14 , an unsigned legislative route that extended from Corning to Rochester via South Bristol and Pittsford . The majority of Route 14 south of Pittsford was routed on what is now NY 64 ; however , in the vicinity of Bloomfield , Route 14 broke from modern NY 64 and used what later became NY 20C to access Holcomb .
Tornado Alley covers the northern section of Texas . The state experiences the most tornadoes in the United States , an average of 139 a year . These strike most frequently in North Texas and the Panhandle . Tornadoes in Texas generally occur in the months of April , May , and June . Some of the most destructive hurricanes in U.S. history have impacted Texas . A hurricane in 1875 killed about 400 people in Indianola , followed by another hurricane in 1886 that destroyed the town . These events allowed Galveston to take over as the chief port city .
Steagall and Lanier are credited as the writers of this song from their work on its original version in 1967 . Thus , the song was not a new song . For the week ending September 18 , 2004 , Genius Loves Company sold 202,000 copies , ranking second on the US Billboard 200 chart and becoming Charles ' highest charting album in over 40 years . Digital singles sales saw 12 of the 13 tracks on the album make the US Billboard Hot Digital Tracks Top 50 chart . " Here We Go Again " was the download sales leader among the album 's songs that totaled 52,000 digital downloads .
Held annually , the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames . In a race umpired by former Cambridge rower Kenneth Payne , Oxford won by a canvas in a time of 20 minutes 23 seconds . At no point during the contest was there clear water between the boats . The race , described as " one of the closest fought of all time " , was their second win in seven years and took the overall record in the event to 53 – 44 in Cambridge 's favour .
He tells her that she has a nice smile and he would like to take her out to dinner and a movie , which she accepts . Kevin then accidentally says " Nice ... boobs " , but Lynne seems flattered by the statement . The official The Office website included three cut scenes from " Golden Ticket " . One 72 second clip includes Michael eavesdropping from the men 's bathroom on Angela , Oscar , Kelly and Meredith , who discuss how unfair Michael is treating Dwight in making him take the fall over the failed golden ticket promotion .
Zimmerman was subsequently reelected twice to the position , and he served as Hampshire County 's prosecuting attorney from 1900 until 1910 ( a total of nine years and three months ) . Zimmerman also served as one of three chancery commissioners for Hampshire County , during which he served with Christian Streit White , Robert White , and James Sloan Kuykendall . He was a member of the West Virginia Bar Association . Zimmerman was the lawyer for the Capon Valley Bank , headquartered in Wardensville , West Virginia , and provided his legal services to secure the bank 's incorporation .
On 8 September 2012 , Bond producers announced Craig had signed on for two future Bond films , meaning he will star as 007 in at least five films , making him the third longest serving Bond after Roger Moore who starred in seven films , and Sean Connery who starred in six . Craig 's fourth Bond film , Spectre , began filming in December 2014 and was released on 26 October 2015 . Craig has described his portrayal of Bond as an anti hero : " The question I keep asking myself while playing the role is , ' Am I the good guy or just a bad guy who works for the good side ?
On the night of 26 – 27 April 1942 the Luftwaffe attacked Bath . MacLachlan took off in the evening of the 26 April and headed for airfields around Evreux and Dreux . He claimed a I. / Kampfgeschwader 2 ( KG 2 — Bomber Wing 2 ) Dornier Do 217 destroyed which came down near Evreux severely damaged . A second was damaged but his port cannon jammed preventing its destruction . Air Vice Marshal Trafford Leigh Mallory sent his congratulations and his exploits were printed in The Times newspaper . On 30 April MacLachlan and Kuttelwascher set out again with a 25 minute interval between both .
In 1925 , Fender returned to his best form , completing the double with 1,042 runs and 137 wickets . Surrey finished second in the table and by the end of the season had not lost a Championship match at the Oval for five years . However , they never challenged the champions , Yorkshire , and this proved to be the last time under Fender 's leadership that the team finished near the top of the Championship table . In the view of the press , Fender remained a potential England captain for the Ashes series in 1926 , but Arthur Carr was chosen .
The text includes as a closing chorale the fourth stanza of the hymn " Herzlich tut mich verlangen " by Christoph Knoll . The cantata comprises six movements , which opens with a sequence of alternating arias and recitatives leading to a chorus and a concluding chorale . The chorale tune , known as " O Haupt voll Blut und Wunden " , appears already in the first movement , played by the organ , and musical motifs of the arias are derived from it , providing an overall formal unity to the composition . Bach scored the work for two vocal parts ( alto and tenor ) , a four part choir , and a Baroque chamber ensemble of recorders , strings and continuo .
Bachi are also held in a number of different styles . In kumi daiko , it is common for a player to hold their sticks in a relaxed manner between the V shape of the index finger and thumb , which points to the player . There are other grips that allow performers to play much more technically difficult rhythms , such as the shime grip , which is similar to a matched grip : the bachi are gripped at the back end , and the fulcrum rests between the performer 's index finger and thumb , while the other fingers remain relaxed and slightly curled around the stick .
The resistance was alerted to carry out these tasks by messages personnels transmitted by the BBC 's French service from London . Several hundred of these messages , which might be snatches of poetry , quotations from literature , or random sentences , were regularly transmitted , masking the few that were actually significant . In the weeks preceding the landings , lists of messages and their meanings were distributed to resistance groups . An increase in radio activity on 5 June was correctly interpreted by German intelligence to mean that an invasion was imminent or underway . However , because of the barrage of previous false warnings and misinformation , most units ignored the warning .
His performance was that good , in college and on the Cape . Now , teams appreciate what that means . There 's no way he ’ d last that long now . " In 2001 , Youkilis made his professional debut as a third baseman with the Lowell Spinners , a Short Season A Class franchise in the New York – Penn League . He went on to lead the league with a .512 OBP , 52 runs , and 70 walks ( against just 28 strikeouts ) , while hitting for a .317 batting average ( third in the league ) in 59 games .
On 15 November , as a sub lieutenant , Hashimoto was assigned to the crew of the gunboat Hozu , and was promoted to lieutenant on 1 December . During that time , his brother was killed in action fighting on the Chinese mainland . In 1938 he was assigned to the destroyer Okikaze on 15 December . Selected for submarine school the following year , Hashimoto was assigned to the Yokosuka Naval District on 20 May 1939 and enrolled in a six month torpedo course on 1 June , subsequently entering the naval submarine school as a Class B student on 1 December .
The highway was transferred to county jurisdiction in late 1961 when the I 75 / US 10 / US 23 freeway was completed in the area . In 1968 , the Michigan Department of Transportation redesignated the western section of M 35 as M 38 . M 35 was originally planned to start in Menominee and run north to Big Bay , turn west through the Huron Mountains in northern Marquette County and run west from Baraga to Ontonagon . The Huron Mountains portion of M 35 was never built due to opposition from Henry Ford and the Huron Mountain Club .
This also allowed officials great leeway to discriminate . Even if an African American maneuvered past all of these blocks , he still faced the manager of the polling place , who could demand proof he had paid all taxes owed — something difficult to show conclusively . Conviction of one of a long list of crimes that whites believed prevalent among African Americans was made the cause of permanent disenfranchisement , including bigamy , adultery , burglary , and arson . Convicted murderers not in prison had their franchise undisturbed . By early 1896 , many in the Democratic Party were bitterly opposed to President Cleveland and his policies .
Past Reids Grove , the route continues through a mix of woodland and farmland , still paralleling the power lines and the abandoned railroad . MD 331 reaches Rhodesdale , where it intersects MD 14 ( Rhodesdale Eldorado Road ) . At this intersection , the route makes a left turn to run concurrent with MD 14 along East New Market Rhodesdale Road , heading west through Rhodesdale . The road leaves Rhodesdale and heads into farmland . MD 331 splits from MD 14 by turning north on Shiloh Church Hurlock Road at an intersection . Along Shiloh Church Hurlock Road , MD 331 passes a few residences before heading through more farm fields .
This was based , at least in part , in the belief that Boeing B 17 Flying Fortress bombers could deter or defeat an invading force . Soon after the Japanese invasion of the Philippines in 1941 , MacArthur , in accordance with the pre war plan , declared Manila an open city , and ordered his forces on Luzon to withdraw to Bataan . The Philippine government , the High Commissioner 's office and MacArthur 's USAFFE headquarters moved to Corregidor Island . Although the dependents of U.S. military personnel had been sent back to the United States , MacArthur was , until his recall from retirement , a Philippine government employee , so his family had remained in the Philippines .
Longchamp went to the court of Henry VI , the Holy Roman Emperor , who was holding King Richard I captive at Trifels . The bishop arranged for Richard to be held at the imperial court and negotiated a payment plan for the ransom , 100,000 marks , under the terms of which the emperor agreed to release Richard once 70,000 marks had been paid and hostages for the payment of the rest had been received . When the Emperor in January 1194 called a meeting of the imperial magnates to debate King Philip II of France 's offer to pay the Emperor to keep Richard captive , Longchamp attended along with Walter of Coutances and Eleanor of Aquitaine , Richard 's mother .
Of the castles built by William the Conqueror two thirds were built in towns and cities , often those with the former Anglo Saxon mints . These urban castles could make use of the existing town 's walls and fortifications , but typically required the demolition of local houses to make space for them . This could cause extensive damage , and records suggest that in Lincoln 166 houses were destroyed , with 113 in Norwich and 27 in Cambridge . Some of these castles were deliberately built on top of important local buildings , such as the burhs or halls of local nobles , and might be constructed so as to imitate aspects of the previous buildings – such as the gatehouse at Rougemont Castle in Exeter , which closely resembled the previous Anglo Saxon burh tower – this was probably done to demonstrate to the local population that they now answered to their new Norman rulers .
Moyes felt that Brown 's superior record on English soil was a result of the crowd attitude , which was more respectful . At Australian grounds , impatient spectators who disliked Brown 's cautious batting frequently heckled him , blaming Brown for delaying Bradman 's arrival to the crease . Moyes felt that the more serene English gallery allowed Brown to play to his game plan without hastening to placate impatient spectators . " A placid chap was Brown , and he liked to play in peaceful surroundings . When on the job he was as emotionless as a stoic .
Thirlwall told Sarah Dean of The Huffington Post that the song was also inspired to show how the group has grown in maturity . Little Mix co wrote " DNA " with TMS and Iain James . TMS developed the song 's guitar riff , drum beats and synths . It received additional vocal engineering from Daniel Aslet and Ben Collier . Serban Ghenea mixed the track at MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach , USA , and Tom Coyne was responsible for the song 's mastering . " DNA " was based on the emotions a girl develops when she first meets and dates a boy .
For the album cover , Barrett painted the floor of his bedroom in Wetherby Mansions orange and purple . The nude woman appearing on the back of the record sleeve was an acquaintance of his known as " Iggy the Eskimo " . Photographer Mick Rock says , " When I arrived for ' The Madcap Laughs ' photo session , Syd was still in his underpants .. His lady friend of two weeks , ' Iggy the Eskimo ' , was naked in the kitchen .. " Iggy met Barrett in March 1969 , through Barrett 's then girlfriend , Jenny Spires .
The song was performed many times during Mars ' debut world tour , The Doo Wops & Hooligans Tour ( 2010 2012 ) , as the ninth track on its set list . During the 2016 Grammy Awards , Mars had a flask , filled with a drink , to " get some winners drunk " . The bottle is engraved with the lyrics , " One shot for my pain , one drag for my sorrow " from the song . In an interview with Sound on Sound , Levine said that the team , The Smeezingtons , never met Supa Dups personally and that " Liquor Store Blues " was finished by exchanging files of the song .
It was certified Gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry ( FIMI ) for selling 15,000 copies in that territory . The recording remained a number one hit in Bulgaria , while peaking at number 70 in Czech Republic , number 38 in Hungary , number 18 in Slovakia and number 27 on the Japan Hot 100 . On native Airplay 100 , " Lemonade " managed to peak at number 64 on the year end chart . An accompanying music video for " Lemonade " was posted onto the YouTube channel of Stan 's label , Maan Studio , on 4 June 2012 after it was previewed one day before .
Harper enrolled at the University of Toronto but dropped out after two months . He then moved to Edmonton , Alberta , where he found work in the mail room at Imperial Oil . Later , he advanced to work on the company 's computer systems . He took up post secondary studies again at the University of Calgary , where he completed a bachelor 's degree in economics in 1985 . He later returned there to earn a master 's degree in economics , completed in 1991 . Harper has kept strong links to the University of Calgary . Harper is the first prime minister since Joe Clark without a law degree .
" Itoelah Asalkoe Tobat " ( Perfected Spelling : " Itulah Asalku Tobat " , meaning " Thus Did I Repent " ) tells of Hajji Malik , a former criminal who became devoted to his prayers in his old age . A fellow villager goes to see Malik and asks why he abandoned his criminal ways and embraced Islam . Malik tells his visitor that , fifteen years previously , he and a friend were travelling through the forests when they saw some people burying a box . That night they dug up the box and tried to take it away , hoping it would be treasure .
The slender Viper 1 and smaller Viper 2 were designed for use as a police officer 's backup weapon . The Viper 5 was designed to be used by naval boat crews , as the handle was contoured with a rear brake so as to not slip from the user 's hand when wet and the Viper 3 was designed as a pure fighting knife with its 4 inch blade . Emerson 's goal for this Viper line was to produce a working knife which would be more resistant to the elements and more durable than the " art knives " for which he had become known .
Due to a real life arrangement with WWF owner Vince McMahon , Hogan was supposed to lose the title to Bret Hart , but he changed his mind and refused to lose to Hart . He formed a compromise that allowed him to face Yokozuna in a rematch at King of the Ring 1993 . He did not want to be pinned cleanly , so he insisted on a storyline in which he would lose the belt due to outside interference . As a result of Hart 's controversial loss , Jack Tunney , who played the on screen role of WWF President , granted Hart entry into the King of the Ring tournament without requiring him to win a qualifying match .
Kneale claimed to have picked his leading character 's unusual last name at random from a London telephone directory . He chose the character 's first name , Bernard , in honour of astronomer Bernard Lovell . The working titles for the production were The Unbegotten and Bring Something Back ... ! , the latter a line of dialogue in the second episode . Kneale had not finished scripting the final two episodes of the serial before the first episode was transmitted . The production had an overall budget of just under £ 4000 . The theme music used was " Mars , Bringer of War " from Gustav Holst 's The Planets .
He also noted the lack of audience interference , suggesting either good behavior by attendees or subtle work by audio engineers . Michael Miller complimented the quality of the recording for having " no problems of intonation or ensemble " and said the album " belongs in the reference collection of any audiophile , whether they are inclined to multichannel playback or not " . Miller specifically appreciated Alspaugh and the engineers for capturing the loudness and subtleties of Sinfonia da Requiem . International Record Review 's Nigel Simeone recommended the recording , calling it " impressive " and writing that the live sound is " exceptionally vibrant " .
In modern Israel , this filling dish , in many variations , is still eaten on the Sabbath day , not only in religiously observant households , and is also served in some restaurants during the week . The basic ingredients are meat and beans or rice simmered overnight on a hotplate or blech , or placed in a slow oven . Ashkenazi cholent usually contains meat , potatoes , barley and beans , and sometimes kishke , and seasonings such as pepper and paprika . Sephardi hamin contains chicken or meat , rice , beans , garlic , sweet or regular potatoes , seasonings such as turmeric and cinnamon , and whole eggs in the shell known as haminados .
Through the rest of the 1990s , The Wiggles maintained a busy recording and touring schedule , becoming as Field reported and despite his strong dislike of touring , " the hardest working touring act in the country " . They released multiple albums and home videos and , depending upon the word of mouth of their audience , performed to increasingly large audiences in Australia and New Zealand despite having to re introduce themselves to a new audience of children every three years . They produced a new album and video each year and toured to promote them . By late 1993 , they " grew bigger than anyone had thought " , and hundreds attended their concerts ; by 1995 they had set records for music and video sales .
A ritual was carried out at the site in 1989 in order to reestablish the ruins as a sacred place for Maya ceremonies . United States President George W. Bush visited the site in 2007 , and in the same year Iximche was the venue for the III Continental Summit of Indigenous Peoples and Nationalities of Abya Yala . The site 's name derives from the Mayan name of the ramon tree ( Brosimum alicastrum ) , from the words ixim and che , meaning literally " maize tree " . Iximche was called Guatemala by the Spanish , from the Nahuatl Quauhtemallan meaning " forested land " .
The museum building which was an archaeological research institution of the French School of the Far East under French colonial rule ( Louis Finot École française d 'Extrême Orient EFEO ) of 1910 , was extensively refurbished in 1920 . It was redesigned between 1926 and 1932 by architect Ernest Hébrard . The museum was acquired by the Government of Vietnam in 1958 and then the artifact collections were expanded to cover eastern arts and national history . The museum highlights Vietnam 's prehistory ( about 300,000 – 400,000 years ago ) up to the August 1945 Revolution . It has over 200,000 exhibits displayed covering items from prehistory up to the 1947 revolution and founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam , arranged in five major sections .
The second comes from the conversion of the Mérens to a leisure horse in the 1980s , and aims to transform the physical type of the breed into a more sports oriented horse to ensure the survival of the breed . This dichotomy has become a source of tension between farmers and users of the breed . Several countries besides France have populations of Mérens , and a few have breed registries and stud books that are recognized by the French . In Italy , the Mérens is the only foreign breed among the " breeds of limited distribution " recognised by the AIA , the national breeders ' association .
After The Lockers disbanded , Tony Go Go went on to open a locking school in Japan in 1985 . Roboting comes from Richmond , California . Before joining The Lockers , Charles Robot had his own dance crew called The Robot Brothers . He was inspired in 1969 by a mime artist named Robert Shields , who would pantomime in front of the Hollywood Wax Museum where he worked . On October 27 , 1973 , The Jackson 5 performed " Dancing Machine " on Soul Train , which popularized roboting , but this was not the first time the dance had been performed on the show .
Paul Verna , singles editorial for Billboard magazine , called the song a " spunky cumbia " , while John Lannert , also from Billboard , called it a " peppy cumbia " . Written in the key of E minor , the beat is set in common time and moves at a moderate 90 beats per minute . The song features a descending keyboard hook . Interviewed for the San Antonio Current , A.B. confessed that he added the cencerro which he believed grabbed Cubans and Puerto Rican people to gravitate towards Selena 's music . He further said that he played the cencerro in a salsa style and that it wasn 't " coincidental " .
Cultivation of edible Russulaceae , as in other ectomycorrhizal fungi , is challenging , since the presence of host trees is required . In spite of this difficulty , the European Lactarius deliciosus has been successfully grown in " mushroom orchards " in New Zealand . Fruitbodies of Russulaceae have been the subject of natural product research , and different classes of organic compounds have been isolated from them . Aroma compounds are responsible for the particular odour or taste in some species , e.g. sotolon in the fenugreek smelling Lactarius helvus , or the similar quabalactone III in Lactarius rubidus which causes a maple syrup like odour in dried specimens .
Q * bert is an action game with puzzle elements played from an axonometric third person perspective to convey a three dimensional look . The game is played using a single , diagonally mounted four way joystick . The player controls Q * bert , who starts each game at the top of a pyramid made of 28 cubes , and moves by hopping diagonally from cube to cube . Landing on a cube causes it to change color , and changing every cube to the target color allows the player to progress to the next stage . At the beginning , jumping on every cube once is enough to advance .
Still , he strongly suggested Patton apologize to all involved . On 21 August , Patton brought Bennett into his office ; he apologized and the men shook hands . On 22 August , he met with Currier as well as the medical staff who had witnessed the events in each unit and expressed regret for his " impulsive actions . " Patton related to the medical staff a story of a friend from World War I who had committed suicide after " skulking " ; he stated he sought to prevent any recurrence of such an event . On 23 August , he brought Kuhl into his office , apologized , and shook hands with him as well .
Eventually , the Expédition d 'Irlande was despatched in December 1796 under Admiral Morard de Galles , consisting of 17 ships of the line and 27 smaller vessels , and carrying as many as 25,000 men . Despite elements of the force spending up to a week in Bantry Bay , not a single French soldier was successfully landed , and the expedition was a total disaster , with 13 ships lost and over 2,000 men drowned . The following year , Tone and his companions tried again , this time persuading the government of the Batavian Republic , which was under French occupation , to prepare their own expedition .
Liu Bang assumed the title " emperor " ( huangdi ) at the urging of his followers and is known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu ( r . 202 – 195 BC ) . Chang 'an was chosen as the new capital of the reunified empire under Han . At the beginning of the Western Han dynasty , thirteen centrally controlled commanderies — including the capital region — existed in the western third of the empire , while the eastern two thirds were divided into ten semi autonomous kingdoms . To placate his prominent commanders from the war with Chu , Emperor Gaozu enfeoffed some of them as kings .
Due to his high profile and visibility , Giuliani was supported by the state Republican Party , even though he had irritated many by endorsing incumbent Democratic Governor Mario Cuomo over Republican George Pataki in 1994 . Giuliani became the presumptive Republican nominee , and by April 1999 had formed a formal exploratory committee for a Senate run . There were still possible Republican primary opponents . Rick Lazio , a Congressman representing Suffolk County on Long Island , was raising money and had a candidacy announcement scheduled for August 16 ; he had openly discussed a primary against Giuliani , believing his more conservative record would be appealing to Republican primary voters .
This became impractical when Germany invaded Poland on September 1 , 1939 ; subsequently Germany withdrew its bid to host the Games . Finland believed it could host the Games and extended an invitation to the IOC , but the Soviet Union 's invasion of Finland ended all hope of an Olympic Games in 1940 . The 1944 Winter Olympics had been awarded to Cortina d 'Ampezzo , Italy in 1939 . As the war continued , this proved to be impractical and the second consecutive olympiad passed without a celebration of the Games . The IOC was presented with two possible host cities for the first post war Games : Lake Placid , United States and St. Moritz , Switzerland .
Players may need to balance a budget , such as managing debt , or paying down maintenance costs . 4X games often model political challenges such as civil disorder , or a senate that can oust the player 's political party or force them to make peace . Such complexity requires players to manage a larger amount of information than other strategy games . Game designers often organize empire management into different interface screens and modes , such as a separate screen for diplomacy , managing individual settlements , and managing battle tactics . Sometimes systems are intricate enough to resemble a minigame .
He performed with David Gilmour at the Hoping Foundation Benefit Evening in July 2010 . The four song set included : " To Know Him Is to Love Him " , which was played in early Pink Floyd sound checks , followed by " Wish You Were Here " , " Comfortably Numb " , and " Another Brick in the Wall ( Part Two ) " . In September 2010 , Waters commenced The Wall Live tour , an updated version of the original Pink Floyd shows , featuring a complete performance of The Wall . Waters told the Associated Press that The Wall Tour will likely be his last , stating : " I 'm not as young as I used to be .
BES assigns grades for each of four categories : hydrology , water quality , habitat , and fish and wildlife . Hydrology grades depend on the amount of pavement and other impervious surfaces in the watershed and to what degree its streams flow freely , not dammed or diverted . Water quality grades are based on measurements of dissolved oxygen , E coli bacteria , temperature , suspended solids , and substances such as mercury and phosphorus . Habitat ranking depends on the condition of stream banks and floodplains , riparian zones , tree canopies , and other variables . The fish and wildlife assessment includes birds , fish , and macroinvertebrates .
Cooked tarantula spiders are considered a delicacy in Cambodia , and by the Piaroa Indians of southern Venezuela . Spider venoms may be a less polluting alternative to conventional pesticides as they are deadly to insects but the great majority are harmless to vertebrates . Possible medical uses for spider venoms are being investigated , for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmia , Alzheimer 's disease , strokes , and erectile dysfunction . Because spider silk is both light and very strong , attempts are being made to produce it in goats ' milk and in the leaves of plants , by means of genetic engineering .
It has been compared with Charles Rennie Mackintosh 's Glasgow School of Art and it is sometimes suggested that Mackintosh 's designs for the later part of the school were inspired by Holden 's , although Pevsner noted that Mackintosh 's designs were in circulation earlier . The building is Grade I listed . At Midhurst , West Sussex , Holden designed Tudor style façades for the Sir Ernest Cassel funded King Edward VII Sanatorium ( 1903 – 06 ) . The building features long wings of south facing rooms to maximise patients ' exposure to sunlight and fresh air .
In this , she was following children ’ s writers such as Thomas Day who , in his popular The History of Sandford and Merton ( 1783 – 89 ) , also emphasised learning by experience rather than by rote and rules . Gary Kelly , in his book on Wollstonecraft 's thought , explains how this idea and others important to Wollstonecraft are reflected in the title to her work — Original Stories from Real Life ; with Conversations Calculated to Regulate the Affections , and Form the Mind to Truth and Goodness : The first part of the title indicates that the ‘ stories ’ are not merely fictitious but have a factual basis in domestic , quotidian life , though readers would understand ‘ from real life ’ to mean ‘ based on ’ or ‘ adapted from real ‘ life ’ , and not necessarily ‘ representation of actual events ’ .
In Pokémon Diamond and Pearl , gender differences were introduced ; a female Pikachu now has an indent at the end of its tail , giving it a heart shaped appearance . They attack primarily by projecting electricity from their bodies at their targets . Within the context of the franchise , a Pikachu can transform , or " evolve " into a Raichu when exposed to a " Thunderstone " . In later titles an evolutionary predecessor was introduced named " Pichu " , which evolves into a Pikachu after establishing a close friendship with its trainer . Initially both Pikachu and the Pokémon Clefairy were chosen to be lead characters for the franchise merchandising , with the latter as the primary mascot to make the early comic book series more " engaging " .
Formica polyctena , among other ant species , constructs nests that maintain a relatively constant interior temperature that aids in the development of larvae . The ants maintain the nest temperature by choosing the location , nest materials , controlling ventilation and maintaining the heat from solar radiation , worker activity and metabolism , and in some moist nests , microbial activity in the nest materials . Some ant species , such as those that use natural cavities , can be opportunistic and make use of the controlled micro climate provided inside human dwellings and other artificial structures to house their colonies and nest structures .
A spokesman for Ono said McCartney was making " an attempt to rewrite history " . In a Rolling Stone interview in 1987 , Ono pointed out McCartney 's place in the process of the disintegration of the band . On the 1998 John Lennon anthology , Lennon Legend , the composer credit of " Give Peace a Chance " was changed to " John Lennon " from its original composing credit of " Lennon – McCartney . " Although the song was written by Lennon during his tenure with the Beatles , it was both written and recorded without the help of the band , and released as Lennon 's first independent single under the " Plastic Ono Band " moniker .
The airport is located at 49 ° 27 ′ 45 ″ N 119 ° 36 ′ 08 ″ W on 3000 Airport Road in Penticton , 1.8 nautical miles ( 3.3 km ; 2.1 mi ) southwest of city centre , situated off of Highway 97 . It is located 73 kilometers ( 45 mi ) north of the Canada – United States border , and opposite the Airport Beach attraction , which is a beach situated in the city . Paid parking , taxis and car rentals are available , but there is no bus service . Car rentals are provided by Budget Rent a Car and National Car Rental .
When Middleton reached the university 's mandatory retirement age of 70 in 1959 , the Alumni Council adopted a resolution to have the Board of Supervisors waive the age requirement , and allow Middleton to stay on as president . This was done , and again at the end of the 1959 – 1960 school year he was once again declared to be essential to the university , and once again reluctantly agreed to stay for one , but only one , additional year . Though it became a long year , on 1 February 1962 Middleton officially retired , and three weeks earlier the 11th of January was declared as " Troy H. Middleton Day in Louisiana " by Governor Jimmie H. Davis .
In " Pac Man Fever " , the April 24 , 2013 episode of the American TV series Supernatural , the character Charlie Bradbury ( played by Felicia Day ) is seen wearing a Lying Cat T shirt . Day , who has referred to Saga as the " best comic EVER " , indicated that show writer Robbie Thompson picked out the shirt . In 2015 , Skybound Entertainment began taking pre orders for an 8 ” tall , hand painted Lying Cat resin statue , which retails for $ 75 . In February 2016 , Essential Sequential began taking orders for a posable , 19 inch tall plushy Lying Cat doll that says , " Lying " when its collar is pressed , scheduled to ship that May .
Leng groups the song with another Extra Texture track , " Grey Cloudy Lies " , however , as " two slabs of introspection " that suffer from being " part calls for tolerance and part expression of downright despair " . " [ T ] he old , bold George is no more , " Leng laments of " The Answer 's at the End " . " The certainties of ' The Lord Loves the One ' seem to have dissipated ... The passionate searcher of ' Hear Me Lord ' sounds defeated , asking for a little ' live and let live ' .
West praised the " lovely little guitar solo " and gave the song a " B " ; Chaney bestowed the same grade and called it a " cheesy moment " but a " nice job " by Salling . Futterman commented that Puck got to " showcase his nice falsetto " . " Last Friday Night " evoked a wide range of opinions from reviewers . Chaney wrote that the performance " incorporated several Glee tropes " and was a routine seen before ; she gave it a " B − " . Futterman characterized the choreography as " full of forced sunshine " and said " Blaine 's normally effortless voice sounds breathy " .
Later analysis indicated that these figures constituted the hurricane 's peak intensity . After peaking , Dot slightly weakened , but maintained its Category 4 status for more than two days ; during that time it boasted an unusually large eye spanning as much as 40 mi ( 65 km ) in diameter . Late on August 4 , a fourth reconnaissance flight into the storm found surface winds of 160 mph ( 260 km / h ) , but this reading was discounted on the basis that pressures were unusually high for a storm of that intensity . On August 5 , Dot passed 90 mi ( 145 km ) south of Ka Lae before the storm curved sharply towards the northwest late that day .
Immediately following the collapse , Governor Pawlenty and Mn / DOT announced that the Illinois based engineering firm of Wiss , Janney , Elstner Associates , Inc. had also been selected to provide essential analysis that would parallel the investigation being conducted by the NTSB . One week after the collapse , workers were just beginning to move debris and vehicles to further the process of recovering victims . Cameras and motion detectors were added to the site around the bridge to ward off intruders who , officials said , were hindering the investigation . Hennepin County Sheriff Richard W. Stanek stated , " We are treating this as a crime scene at this point .
When Kyla discovered a small supply in his desk drawer , she assumed he was HIV positive , and after failing to extract a confession from Abra , terminated their relationship . The misunderstanding was resolved several episodes later , when Abra was able to win her back by serenading her in a grand romantic gesture in the hospital car park . Soon after , the investigation into the suspected corruption within the General Surgical department was stepped up . After some weeks of intense investigation , Clifford managed extract a confession from Abra . He revealed an admiration for Abra 's maverick ways , and instead of turning him in , instructed Abra to leave Holby immediately with his record intact .
In Commonweal he serialised a 13 episode poem , The Pilgrims of Hope , which was set in the period of the Paris Commune . From November 1886 to January 1887 , Morris ' novel , A Dream of John Ball , was serialised in Commonweal . Set in Kent during the Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 , it contained strong socialist themes although proved popular among those of different ideological viewpoints , resulting in its publication in book form by Reeves and Turner in 1888 . Shortly after , a collection of Morris ' essays , Signs of Change , was published .
" You 're Not Sorry " received moderately positive reviews from critics . Rob Sheffield of Blender magazine received " You 're Not Sorry " negatively and used the word " drippy " to describe it . Sheffield added that , in the song , by comparison , " she reminds you what a smart job she normally does of keeping the tempo jumping . " Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine believed " You 're Not Sorry " was one of the songs on Fearless that expanded on the success of Swift 's eponymous debut album , Taylor Swift ( 2006 ) , because of how prominently its hook stands out .
" Naan Mahaan Alla was dubbed into Telugu and released as Naa Peru Shiva in 2011 ; it was very successful and earned Karthi some Telugu film offers . Karthi 's next film was the action – masala Siruthai ( 2011 ) , a remake of the 2006 Telugu film Vikramarkudu . He played two roles ; a thief and a police officer . Karthi 's performances received favourable reviews . Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote : " Karthi looks and performs better with every film . Siruthai exemplifies the observation " . Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff wrote : " But the film belongs to Rocket Raja ( Karthi ) , the sort of adorable ruffian Tamil cinema has been missing for a while .
NY 324 is known by two names along its routing : Grand Island Boulevard on Grand Island and Sheridan Drive in the northern suburbs of Buffalo . As the latter , the route serves as a major commercial strip for Tonawanda , Amherst , and Clarence . NY 324 , assigned c . 1933 , is one of two routes to occupy part of Sheridan Drive ; the other is New York State Route 325 , which follows the westernmost 1.42 miles ( 2.29 km ) of the street . NY 324 once extended northwest to downtown Niagara Falls ; however , it was truncated to its current western terminus c .
The declaration designated the affected citizens eligible for grants to pay for temporary housing , house repairs , and serious disaster related expenses . The declaration also allowed for federal funding for 75 % of the repair cost for replacing public facilities . By two months after the storm , 659 residents had applied for disaster aid through the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , totaling to just over $ 1 million ( 2003 USD , $ 1.1 million 2006 USD ) . 141 small businesses applied for loans , totaling to around $ 2.5 million ( 2003 USD , $ 2.75 million 2006 USD ) .
McClellan , Ervin , McCarthy , and Mundt were drawn from Government Operations , and Kennedy , McNamara , Ives , and Goldwater from Labor . An equal number of Democrats and Republicans sat on the Select Committee . Senator McClellan was named chair of the Select Committee , and Republican Senator Irving Ives of New York vice chair . Democrats and liberals , primarily , criticized the committee for not having a neutral attitude toward labor . Only three of the committee 's eight members looked on organized labor favorably , and only one of them ( Senator Patrick McNamara ) was strongly pro labor .
Whereas temperatures on Saturn are normally − 185 ° C , temperatures on the vortex often reach as high as − 122 ° C , suspected to be the warmest spot on Saturn . A persisting hexagonal wave pattern around the north polar vortex in the atmosphere at about 78 ° N was first noted in the Voyager images . The sides of the hexagon are each about 13,800 km ( 8,600 mi ) long , which is longer than the diameter of the Earth . The entire structure rotates with a period of 10h 39m 24s ( the same period as that of the planet 's radio emissions ) which is assumed to be equal to the period of rotation of Saturn 's interior .
Another team gave the local officials seismographs , but no instructions on how to operate them . Volcanic activity increased again in November 1985 as magma neared the surface . Increasing quantities of gases rich in sulfur dioxide and elemental sulfur began to appear in the volcano . The water content of the fumaroles ' gases decreased , and water springs in the vicinity of Nevado del Ruiz became enriched with magnesium , calcium and potassium , leached from the magma . The thermodynamic equilibration temperatures , corresponding to the chemical composition of the discharged gases , ranged from 200 to 600 ° C ( 400 to 1,100 ° F ) ; this is a measure of the temperature at which the gases equilibrated within the volcano .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory earned $ 56,178,450 in its opening weekend , the fifth highest opening weekend gross for 2005 and stayed at # 1 for two weeks . The film eventually grossed $ 206,459,076 in US totals and $ 268,509,687 in foreign countries , coming to a worldwide total of $ 474,968,763 . It was the fifty eighth highest grossing film of all time when released , as well as seventh highest for the US and eighth highest worldwide for the year of 2005 . Charlie and the Chocolate Factory received positive reviews . Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 83 % , based on 221 reviews , with an average rating 7.2 / 10 .
Many self identified lesbians neglect to see a physician because they do not participate in heterosexual activity and require no birth control , which is the initiating factor for most women to seek consultation with a gynecologist when they become sexually active . As a result , many lesbians are not screened regularly with Pap smears . The U.S. government reports that some lesbians neglect seeking medical screening in the U.S. ; they lack health insurance because many employers do not offer health benefits to domestic partners . The result of the lack of medical information on WSW is that medical professionals and some lesbians perceive lesbians as having lower risks of acquiring a sexually transmitted disease or types of cancer .
" In 1992 GCC distributed a half hour video entitled The Greening of Planet Earth , to hundreds of journalists , the White House , and several Middle Eastern oil producing countries , which suggested that increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide could boost crop yields and solve world hunger . In 1993 , after U. S. President Bill Clinton pledged " to reducing our emissions of greenhouse gases to their 1990 levels by the year 2000 , " GCC 's executive director said it " could jeopardize the economic health of the nation . " GCC 's lobbying was key to the defeat in the United States Senate of Clinton 's 1993 BTU tax proposal .
The night prior to the challenge , the UN representative returns with the chance for Chris to escape and reunite with his estranged wife , who has left the country . He declines . Mike is the superior driver but using a creative interpretation of challenge rules , Chris forces Mike to drive off a bridge and into the Zones . Chris finds the badly injured Mike and kills him just before a gang , who had watched the duel on television , finds them . The gang beats Chris but he survives when the gang is gunned down by Driver Control authorities , the sanctioning body for duels .
When Plagis learned what had happened , he was inconsolable , holding himself responsible . In his journal , he vowed to " shoot down ten for Doug — I will too , if it takes me a lifetime " . Plagis shot down his first enemy aircraft on 25 March 1942 , and on 1 April achieved four more aerial victories in a single afternoon , thereby becoming the Siege of Malta 's first Spitfire ace . His downing of four enemies in a few hours won him much praise from superiors and reporters , and contributed to his growing reputation as an aggressive but skilful combat pilot .
Martin Cameron quickly followed , and Robin Millhouse consulted with members from his constituency before agreeing to resign from the LCL . Ian Wilson , who had earlier managed to convince Hall not to form a separate party , tried in vain to sway him to remain with the LCL and focus on reforming it from within . He wanted to shut down the LM in an attempt to limit the damage to the party , believing that " political groups come and go , but the ideals we aim for will never change " . All other LCL LM members did not follow ; three lower house members including Tonkin and Brown , Wilson in the federal parliament , and two MLCs all stayed in the LCL .
RSMAS offers a joint program with the UM Law School which awards its students both a Juris Doctor degree and a Master of Arts in Marine Affairs and Policy . RSMAS also administrates the University of Miami 's undergraduate Marine Science , Marine Affairs , and Meteorology programs on the main campus in Coral Gables , Florida . The Rosenstiel School is divided into six academic divisions , each focusing on a different aspect of oceanography : Applied Marine Physics ( fluid dynamics , remote sensing , waves ) Marine & Atmospheric Chemistry Marine Affairs & Policy ( admiralty law , aquaculture , marine conservation , maritime archaeology , natural resource economics , political ecology ) Marine Biology & Fisheries Marine Geology & Geophysics Meteorology & Physical Oceanography In addition to the academic divisions , RSMAS also has several research units : the Oceans and Human Health Center , the National Resource for Aplysia , the National Center for Coral Reef Research , the Center for Southeastern Tropical Advanced Remote Sensing ( CSTARS ) , and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
It has a steel penetrator and an aluminum core . The SS190 has been manufactured with a plain , black , and a black on white tip color . It is classified by the ATF as armor piercing ( AP ) handgun ammunition , and its sale is currently restricted by FN to military and law enforcement customers . In testing done by Houston Police Department SWAT , the SS190 fired from the P90 into bare ballistic gelatin exhibited penetration depths ranging from 28 to 34 cm ( 11 to 13.5 in ) . In testing in 1999 by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) , the SS190 fired from the P90 at a distance of 25 m ( 27 yd ) exhibited an average penetration depth of 25 cm ( 9.85 in ) in ballistic gelatin after passing through a Level II Kevlar vest .
A force of 5,000 additional Marathas was located at the confluence of two rivers — the Mula and the Mutha — under the leadership of Vinchurkar , but they remained idle . Bapu Gokhale retreated to guard the Peshwa in flight . The next morning , General Smith advanced towards the city of Pune and found that the Peshwa had fled towards the city of Satara . During the day Pune surrendered , and great care was taken by General Smith for the protection of the peaceful part of the community . Order was soon re established . The British forces entered Shanivar Wada on 17 November and the Union flag was hoisted by Balaji Pant Natu .
Complementing Kaufmann and True 's work , the Norwegian born , naturalized American sculptor Oskar J.W. Hansen designed many of the sculptures on and around the dam . His works include the monument of dedication plaza , a plaque to memorialize the workers killed and the bas reliefs on the elevator towers . In his words , Hansen wanted his work to express " the immutable calm of intellectual resolution , and the enormous power of trained physical strength , equally enthroned in placid triumph of scientific accomplishment " , because " [ t ] he building of Hoover Dam belongs to the sagas of the daring .
The teaching that God would restore the Jews to Palestine was discontinued around the same time . Russell 's teaching that the Great Pyramid of Giza was built under God 's direction was overturned in 1928 , when Rutherford asserted that it had been built under the direction of Satan for the purpose of deceiving God 's people in the last days . The announcement prompted further defections among long time Bible Students . In 1930 , Rutherford published a systematic reinterpretation of the book of Revelation . Many of the symbols recorded in the book were applied to events following 1918 , specifically to Watch Tower conventions held in the years 1922 through 1928 .
Grant believed the bill would destroy the credit of the nation , and he vetoed it despite their objections . Grant 's veto , supported by Fish , placed him in the conservative faction of the Republican party , and was the beginning of the party 's commitment to a strong gold backed dollar . Grant later pressured Congress for a bill to further strengthen the dollar by gradually reducing the number of greenbacks in circulation . After losing the House to the Democrats in the 1874 elections , the lame duck Republican Congress did so before the Democrats took office .
Starting with the ninth episode of the final season , " Patriot " , the Justice League are alerted to the arrival of Darkseid , and for the rest of the season they attempt to stop him before he destroys Earth . Subsequent episodes " Dominion " and " Prophecy " also imply that Michael Carter ( Booster Gold ) and Kara have joined the team . The producers wanted to use either Wally West or Barry Allen as the Flash alter ego for the show , but DC Comics would only approve the use of Bart Allen . In DC Comics , Bart typically goes by the codename of " Impulse " , but did have a short series in 2006 where he took over the role of Flash .
Despite his many successes , during the last twenty years of his life Alexios lost much of his popularity . This was largely due to the harsh measures he was forced to take in order to save the embattled empire . Conscription was introduced , causing resentment among the peasantry , despite the pressing need for new recruits to the imperial army . In order to restore the imperial treasury , Alexios took measures to tax the aristocracy heavily ; he also cancelled many of the exemptions from taxation that the church had previously enjoyed . In order to ensure that all taxes were paid in full , and to halt the cycle of debasement and inflation , he completely reformed the coinage , issuing a new gold hyperpyron ( highly refined ) coin for the purpose .
Kennedy 's younger brother , Edward Moore " Ted " Kennedy , eulogized him with the words : My brother need not be idealized , or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life ; to be remembered simply as a good and decent man , who saw wrong and tried to right it , saw suffering and tried to heal it , saw war and tried to stop it . Those of us who loved him and who take him to his rest today , pray that what he was to us and what he wished for others will some day come to pass for all the world .
Reid was also instrumental in organising the public lectures that were established in Edinburgh in the 1540s on law , Greek , Latin and philosophy , under the patronage of the queen consort Mary of Guise . These developed into the " Tounis College " of the city , which would eventually become the University of Edinburgh . In the mid sixteenth century , Scotland underwent a Protestant Reformation that rejected Papal authority and many aspects of Catholic theology and practice . It created a predominately Calvinist national church , known as the kirk , which was strongly Presbyterian in outlook , severely reducing the powers of bishops , although not initially abolishing them .
Situated in a valley through the Hampshire Downs at an average altitude of 88 metres ( 289 ft ) Basingstoke is a major interchange between Reading , Newbury , Andover , Winchester , and Alton , and lies on the natural trade route between the southwest of England and London . The precise size and shape of Basingstoke today are difficult to identify , as it has no single official boundary that encompasses all the areas contiguous to its development . The unparished area of the town represents its bulk , but several areas that might be considered part of the town are separate parishes , namely Chineham , Rooksdown , and Lychpit .
Ramasamy was signed as art director , and D. Vasu as editor . Ashok Kumar and Ramachandra Babu were the initial choices for cinematographer , but actor Kamal Haasan recommended Balu Mahendra for the job , which Mahendran accepted , leading to Mahendra making his debut in Tamil cinema . Chettiar disagreed with Mahendran 's wish to cast Rajinikanth in the lead role because of the actor 's dark skin and his then typecasting as a villain . Mahendran refused to direct the film if Rajinikanth was not cast , not because Rajinikanth was his close friend , but because he felt that the actor was 100 % close to the character , and Chettiar capitulated .
In 1973 , the church appeared on a 50 cent postage stamp , one of four in a series illustrating Australian architecture issued to commemorate the opening of the Sydney Opera House . The Old Supreme Court Building next to the church is of the same date . Across the square is Greenway 's " masterpiece " Hyde Park Barracks , designed to align with the church . Beside the barracks stands Sydney 's oldest public building , part of the General Hospital built in 1811 and now known as the Mint Building . Separated from the Mint by the present day Sydney Hospital is Parliament House , Sydney , of which the central section is a further part of the early hospital , and is now home to the New South Wales State Parliament .
In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay . When the Wanderers ' home arena burned down in January 1918 , the team ceased operations and Ross retired as a player . After several years as an on ice official , he was named head coach of the Hamilton Tigers for one season . When the Boston Bruins were formed in 1924 , Ross was hired as the first coach and general manager of the team . He would go on to coach the team on three separate occasions until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954 .
Politically , he aligned himself with the Conservative Party of Canada . In his free time he enjoyed the sports of baseball and football . He died at a hospital in Edmonton on June 9 , 1947 at the age of 80 , after an illness of two weeks . He was survived by his wife and children as well as a brother . He was later interred at the Edmonton Cemetery after his funeral held at Robertson United Church . His wife Jessie died in 1952 and was interred next to him . The Edmonton Historical Board states that Armstrong was remembered as " hardworking , fair and honest person who served our city well during a time of rapid change and growth " .
The finishing post for the Boat Race is just downstream of Chiswick Bridge . Chiswick was historically the ancient parish of St Nicholas in the county of Middlesex , with an agrarian and fishing economy beside the river centred on Church Street . Having good communications with London from an early time , Chiswick became a popular country retreat , and as part of the suburban growth of London in the late 19th and early 20th centuries the population significantly expanded . It became the Municipal Borough of Brentford and Chiswick in 1932 and has formed part of Greater London since 1965 , when it was merged into the London Borough of Hounslow .
The Divine Word Missionaries built a church in the Jiaozhou Bay concession in Shandong in 1902 , and in 1934 erected the cathedral , which remained nominally under their administration until 1964 . In 1942 it came under the control of the Japanese Army , returning to Chinese control when the Japanese left Qingdao in 1945 . In the early 1950s , all foreign missionaries , including the Bishop of Qingdao , were either imprisoned or expelled from China , and during the Cultural Revolution ( 1966 – 1976 ) the cathedral was defaced and abandoned . In 1981 , it was repaired by the government and reopened for services , and in 1992 it was listed as a Provincial Historic Building by the government of Shandong Province .
McCarthy considered the Adventures of Tintin to be " stupendously rich " , containing " a mastery of plot and symbol , theme and sub text " which , influenced by Tisseron 's psychoanalytical readings of the work , he believed could be deciphered to reveal a series of recurring themes , ranging from bartering to implicit sexual intercourse that Hergé had featured throughout the series . Reviewing the book in The Telegraph , Toby Clements argued however that McCarthy 's work , and literary criticism of Hergé 's comic strips in general , cut " perilously close " to simply feeding " the appetite of those willing to cross the line between enthusiast and obsessive " in the Tintinological community .
The sixth aspect of the Six Paths , the Deva Path ( 天道 , Tendō ) , provides five known abilities based on gravitation . The first is Almighty Push ( 神羅天征 , Shinra Tensei , lit . " Heavenly Subjugation of the Omnipresent God " ) , which uses the user 's body as the epicenter of gravity and pushes away any technique of any force through gravity manipulation , though it has a five second limit after each use . It can be used for a large scale effect by placing a titanic gravity over a large area and blowing them ; in this case it can be used to destroy an entire village - at the cost of shortening the user 's lifespan and being unable to use it for several minutes .
The Disi Water Conveyance project was first proposed in the 1990s , but was initially regarded as too expensive . A feasibility study was completed in 1996 . But it was not until 2007 that the Jordanian Government was able to contract a firm to begin construction . The project proposed by the Jordanian government will pump 100,000,000 m3 ( 2.2 × 1010 imp gal ) of water per year from 55 wells in the aquifer . However , a total of 64 wells will be drilled , the extra wells to be used as piezometers to measure the elevation of the water .
Ben Lyons and Ben Mankiewicz gave the film a " See It " and " Skip It " , respectively , on their show At the Movies with the latter mentioning that it " is the worst big budget summer release I 've seen in some time " . Arnold Schwarzenegger , star of the preceding three films in the series , initially remarked that Terminator Salvation was " a great film , I was very excited " , but later reversed this position and said it was " ... awful . It tried hard , not that they didn 't try , the acting and everything .
Lyrically , the group discusses a wide range of topics including urban life as hustlers , existential introspection , and extraterrestrial life . The album 's title is a portmanteau of " ATL " ( an abbreviation of Atlanta , Georgia ) and " aliens " , which has been interpreted by critics as a commentary about the feeling of being isolated from American culture . ATLiens debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart , and it sold nearly 350,000 copies in its first two weeks of release . The album was very well received by music critics upon its release , who praised the record 's lyrical content .
William Howie , Baron Howie of Troon served as a publishing consultant to Parliamentary Monitoring Services in 2004 ; in 2007 The Times reported that Lord Howie received " regular remunerated employment " from the company . In 2005 , Zetter was Managing Director of the company 's sister firm , Political Wizard . In Public Affairs in Practice , Zetter wrote , " Without parliamentary monitoring , political news and political intelligence no public affairs campaign can hope to succeed " . Westminster lobbyist Doug Smith served as chairman of the company in 2006 ; by 2007 , Smith had left this role and his position on the company 's board of directors .
Billboard also placed The Monster Ball Tour at position four on their Year end Top 25 Tours of 2010 . They reported that the tour had grossed US $ 116 million from 122 shows , with an audience of 1.3 million . By the end of the year , Pollstar announced that the tour had earned a total of US $ 133.6 million from 138 shows , making her the only woman to be placed in their list of the Top 10 Tours of 2010 . The top grosser of The Monster Ball Tour were the two concerts at the Bell Centre in Montreal , which collectively earned over US $ 10 million .
802 – 811 ) and an Abbasid army under Ibrahim ibn Jibril . Nikephoros ' accession in 802 resulted in a resumption of warfare between Byzantium and the Abbasid Caliphate . In late summer 804 , the Abbasids had invaded Byzantine Asia Minor for one of their customary raids , and Nikephoros set out to meet them . He was surprised , however , at Krasos and heavily defeated , barely escaping with his own life . A truce and prisoner exchange were afterwards arranged . Despite his defeat , and a massive Abbasid invasion the next year , Nikephoros persevered until troubles in the eastern provinces of the Caliphate forced the Abbasids to conclude a peace .
The geometry consulting company Evolute GmbH developed panelling that rationalised the 5,400 square metres ( 58,000 sq ft ) double curved freeform glass surface into 855 planar and cylindrical panels , all in hot bent toughened glass . This solution allowed for minimising the number of shapes necessary by 93 % , reducing costs considerably . The photo voltaic glass powers the air conditioning . The complete glass structure is 6,900 square metres ( 74,000 sq ft ) counting the sides ; the façade width is 220 metres ( 720 ft ) by 24 metres ( 79 ft ) tall .
The forwards were considered to be at least equal to , if not better , than the English . Guillemin and Duval amongst the forwards , as well as the backs Hubert and Moure , drew praise from Reichel . Guillemin was selected for the next game between Wales and France on 2 March in Cardiff , Wales . It was the first official match played between the two nations and 20,000 spectators turned up to watch . It was clear from the start that Wales was by far the stronger team , scoring in the first three minutes and leading 17 – 4 at half time .
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle as anti communist propaganda for its children 's supplement Le Petit Vingtième , it was serialised weekly from January 1929 to May 1930 before being published in a collected volume by Éditions du Petit Vingtième in 1930 . The story tells of young Belgian reporter Tintin and his dog Snowy , who are sent to the Soviet Union to report on the policies of Joseph Stalin 's Bolshevik government . Tintin 's intent to expose the regime 's secrets prompts agents from the Soviet secret police , the OGPU , to hunt him down with the intent to kill .
The events of early Season 2 were said to mark a shift in the story from mystery to journey , with Ben accepting and exploring his powers , while Brother Justin was seen completely embracing his evil nature . Reviewers regarded Sofie 's turn in the final episode as an unexpected new threat in the story . Carnivàle was often compared to David Lynch 's 1990s mystery TV series Twin Peaks and John Steinbeck 's 1939 novel The Grapes of Wrath . Matt Roush of TV Guide called Carnivàle " the perfect show for those who thought Twin Peaks was too accessible " , whereas the show reminded Salon.com 's Heather Havrilesky of the " disappointment you feel as a kid when you come to the last few pages of The Grapes of Wrath .
Markgraf 's 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns . The ship 's main armored belt was 350 millimeters ( 14 in ) thick . The deck was 30 mm ( 1.2 in ) thick ; the main battery turrets and forward conning tower were armored with 300 mm ( 12 in ) thick steel plates . Following her commissioning on 1 October 1914 , Markgraf conducted sea trials , which lasted until 12 December . By 10 January 1915 , the ship had joined III Battle Squadron of the High Seas Fleet with her three sister ships .
" , two singles from Tragic Kingdom , neither of which were commercially successful , or " Squeal " and " Doghouse " from The Beacon Street Collection , which were both independently released . " Girls Get the Bass in the Back " , a remix of " Hey Baby " , and a live acoustic version of " Underneath It All " were included as bonus tracks on international pressings of the album . Being a greatest hits album and containing only one new song , recording The Singles 1992 – 2003 took very little time compared with the band 's studio albums .
He was interviewed by Don Imus on his Imus in the Morning radio show and put in guest appearances on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon and Live with Regis and Kelly . Morrison continued with the Astral Weeks performances with two concerts at the Royal Albert Hall in London in April and then returned to California in May 2009 performing the Astral Weeks songs at the Hearst Greek Theatre in Berkeley , the Orpheum Theatre in Los Angeles , California and appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . Morrison filmed the concerts at the Orpheum Theatre so that they could be viewed by Farrah Fawcett , confined to bed with cancer and thus unable to attend the concerts .
First held in 1829 , the race takes place on the 4.2 mile ( 6.8 km ) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London . The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide . Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions , having won the 1997 race by two lengths , and led overall with 74 victories to Oxford 's 68 ( excluding the " dead heat " of 1877 ) . The first Women 's Boat Race took place in 1927 , but did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s .
Throughout the day , Warren 's squadron closed from the north east while Bompart made frantic efforts to reach open water . Both fleets were hindered by a gale which swept the sea shortly before 20 : 00 . All three of Hoche 's topmasts were blown down and her mizzensail shredded , leaving her substantially slower than her compatriots and forcing them to hold back in her defence . Other ships suffered too , as the French Résolue sprang a severe leak and HMS Anson lost her mizzenmast and several topmasts . During the night , Bompart attempted to decoy the British by sending the schooner Biche with orders for the frigate Résolue , commanding Captain Jean Pierre Bargeau to beach his ship and fire flares in the hope of distracting Warren from his pursuit .
On the other hand , Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com was particularly critical of the game , finding the game painful to play and describing it as " something of a dark spot on a brilliant series ' reputation . " Parish found the game 's premise " ambitious " , adding that it provided the series a vital crux : " Samus ' actions in Metroid II fuel the plots of both its sequels : Super Metroid [ ... ] and Metroid Fusion " . GameTrailers similarly commented that it told one of the most pivotal chapters in the series ' overall plot .
It was Federer 's first victory over Nadal in over 3 and a half years , having lost the previous 5 meetings . The rivalry between Federer and Nadal has been a huge part of both men 's careers . Their Grand Slam tournament histories are of particular interest , especially their all time record of eight finals encounters . This includes playing French Open and Wimbledon finals for three consecutive years ( 2006 – 08 ) , culminating in what is widely considered the greatest match in tennis history at Wimbledon 2008 . Nadal , who had to defeat Federer during each of his first six Grand Slam title runs , possesses a 6 – 2 advantage in their finals encounters plus three victories in semifinals .
As of 2012 the ground and top floors of the main house , together with the adjacent wings , are used as accommodation for the elderly . The reception rooms of the first floor are open to the public at advertised times , and are entered by the original stairway on the south front ; they contain paintings and furniture collected by the Leicester family . Some items in the collection had formerly been displayed on this floor , whilst others were moved from elsewhere in the house . The first floor may also be hired for weddings , meetings , and conferences .
The resulting sharp bend in the course of the road could also be exploited in case of need to block the road . A modern dam , Alakır Barajı , was constructed upstream for irrigation purposes and flood protection . Lycia did not , in contrast to other Roman provinces , possess a very developed road system . While the north – south traffic was conducted primarily through the few river valleys , the east – west routes led , unlike today , mostly on and along the mountain ridges . This particular road , leading from Limyra over the Alakır Çayı and into the neighbouring region of Pamphylia and Attaleia , must have been of special importance , since the two regions were united in a single province , Lycia et Pamphylia , until the 4th century .
Nokian Tyres licenses production of its tyres to companies in the United States ( Bridgestone , LaVergne , Tennessee plant ) , Slovakia ( Matador , Puchov plant ) , Indonesia ( PT Gajah Tunggal Tbk company ) , and the People 's Republic of China ( Giti Tire ) , as well as contracts manufacture of agriculture and industrial tyres in Spain and India . In the past , some United States contract manufacturing was done by Cooper Tire 's Findley , Ohio plant . Contract manufacture by Giti Tire includes production of up to 500,000 Nokian summer tyres with expansion up to 1.5 million tyres per year .
Watson is based on commercially available IBM Power 750 servers that have been marketed since February 2010 . IBM also intends to market the DeepQA software to large corporations , with a price in the millions of dollars , reflecting the $ 1 million needed to acquire a server that meets the minimum system requirement to operate Watson . IBM expects the price to decrease substantially within a decade as the technology improves . Commentator Rick Merritt said that " there 's another really important reason why it is strategic for IBM to be seen very broadly by the American public as a company that can tackle tough computer problems .
Rave music may either refer to the late 1980s / early 1990s genres of house , acid house and techno , the first genres of music in the world to be played at raves , or any other genre of electronic dance music that may be played at a rave . The genre " rave " , also known as " hardcore " by early ravers , first appeared amongst the UK acid movement during the late 1980s at warehouse parties and other underground venues , as well as on UK pirate radio stations . The genre would develop into oldschool hardcore , which lead onto newer forms of rave music such as drum and bass and 2 step , as well as other hardcore techno genres , such as gabber , hardstyle and happy hardcore .
The Newsboys have played this song ever since Tait joined in early 2009 . The band also released a new recording of the song with KJ 52 on their 2010 album Born Again . On the DC Talk tribute album , Freaked ! ( 2006 ) , both 4th Avenue Jones and Chasing Victory recorded covers of this particular song . " Jesus Freak " has also been covered by Larry Norman . McKeehan , under his stage name TobyMac , also recorded a cover version of the song for his album Alive and Transported . John Jonethis covered the song on his album Lounge Freak .
Regarding the Vietnam War , Romney called for the withdrawal of all American troops by the end of 1971 , and characterized the war as " disastrous " . She was troubled by the ongoing Cambodian Incursion and said that if elected she would vote to cut off its funds if Nixon did not abide by his pledge to withdraw from there by the end of the month . On other issues , she sometimes took overly broad stances that appeared to come down on multiple sides . The conservative wing of the party , which had never trusted her husband , had the same reaction to her .
Although relatively heavy with a high sink rate , the Hotspur exhibited good flying characteristics and could even be flown aerobatically , allowing novice pilots to quickly gain proficiency . The first glider pilots were curiously named " glider coxswains " . Glider pilots first trained at an Elementary Flying Training School on de Havilland Tiger Moths or Miles Magisters before converting to glider training . At the Glider Schools , a Hotspur MK III was first employed for dual instruction with the rear seats weighted for ballast and only the instructor and student aboard . The gliders were usually towed by Hawker Hector or Hawker Audax biplanes ( later Miles Master and Westland Lysander " tugs " ) during training .
Jerry calls Ray and has lunch with him , while George sits in the next booth and eavesdrops on their conversation . Jerry and George asks him about the statue , but Ray gets offended and leaves when he hears their opinion . Elaine and Rava get into an argument about Jerry 's accusation , and Elaine is no longer allowed to edit Rava 's book . Without notifying anybody , Kramer dresses up in Irving 's old clothes and goes to Ray 's apartment , pretending to be a cop , and recovers the statue , despite Ray 's protests .
Expert opinion varies from " use both levers equally at first " to " the fastest that you can stop any bike of normal wheelbase is to apply the front brake so hard that the rear wheel is just about to lift off the ground , " depending on road conditions , rider skill level , and desired fraction of maximum possible deceleration . Bikes may have only front , only rear , full suspension or no suspension that operate primarily in the central plane of symmetry ; though with some consideration given to lateral compliance . The goals of a bike suspension are to reduce vibration experienced by the rider , maintain wheel contact with the ground , and maintain vehicle trim .
She is voiced by Melissa Fahn in the English version , and Tomoe Hanba in the Japanese version . In 1994 , video game developers Wolf Team signed a deal with publisher Namco to release the game that would be Tales of Phantasia , which was later released in 1995 in Japan for the Super Famicom . However , the development cycle for this game was plagued with creative disputes between the developers and publisher , leading to much of the development team leaving to form a new company , which would become tri Ace , which explains some of the common themes between the games , such as the similar battle systems .
String and wind instruments play an important role in Barbadian folk culture , especially the bow fiddle , banjo and acoustic guitar ; more modern groups also use an electric and bass guitar . The shukster is a distinctive instrument , made by stretching a guitar string between two sides of a house . Traditional Barbadian wind instruments are largely metal , but in their folk origins , were made out of locally found materials . Barbadian villagers burned fingerholes , for example , on bamboo tubes , made trumpets out of conch shells and pipes from pumpkin vines . Many modern groups use harmonica , accordion , alto and tenor saxophone , trumpet and trombone .
The mayor is the chief executive of the city , and the office is held in 2010 by Frank G. Jackson . Previous mayors of Cleveland include progressive Democrat Tom L. Johnson , World War I era War Secretary and founder of Baker Hostetler law firm Newton D. Baker , United States Supreme Court Justice Harold Hitz Burton , Republican Senator George V. Voinovich , two term Ohio Governor and Senator , former United States Representative Dennis Kucinich of Ohio 's 10th congressional district , Frank J. Lausche , and Carl B. Stokes , the first African American mayor of a major American city .
The English ( or Shakespearean ) sonnet follows the rhyme scheme abab , cdcd , efef , gg , introducing a third quatrain ( grouping of four lines ) , a final couplet , and a greater amount of variety with regard to rhyme than is usually found in its Italian predecessors . By convention , sonnets in English typically use iambic pentameter , while in the Romance languages , the hendecasyllable and Alexandrine are the most widely used meters . Sonnets of all types often make use of a volta , or " turn , " a point in the poem at which an idea is turned on its head , a question is answered ( or introduced ) , or the subject matter is further complicated .
In addition to supplying acoustic rhythm guitar on the song , Harrison played an electric guitar solo , which appears shortly after the two minute mark on the recording , following Clapton 's lead guitar break . Hammond organ was also added over this instrumental passage , although the part is uncredited . Recording was completed on 26 June . Like Clapton and Hopkins , Lomax went on to contribute to the sessions for The Beatles , singing backing vocals on " Dear Prudence " . Leng identifies " Sour Milk Sea " as marking three important " firsts " in Harrison 's career .
After Henry 's death , the Welsh attempted to drive out the Norman lords who had been extending their control into Wales during Henry 's reign . Pain was with King Stephen at the siege of Exeter from June to August 1136 , early in the king 's reign . Crouch argues that Stephen did not at that time trust Pain , and kept him at the siege to more easily monitor his actions , and to prevent him from defecting to Matilda 's cause . In 1119 Pope Callixtus II addressed letters to a group of Anglo Norman landholders in the Welsh Marches , including Pain , accusing them of having appropriated the lands of the Diocese of Llandaff and ordering their return .
The Prime Minister , Gladstone , called several times to enquire about his rival 's condition , and wrote in his diary , " May the Almighty be near his pillow . " There was intense public interest in the former Prime Minister 's struggles for life . Disraeli had customarily taken the sacrament at Easter ; when this day was observed on 17 April , there was discussion among his friends and family if he should be given the opportunity , but those against , fearing that he would lose hope , prevailed . On the morning of the following day , Easter Monday , he became incoherent , then comatose .
Application of social sustainability requires stakeholders to look at human and labor rights , prevention of human trafficking , and other human rights risks . These issues should be considered in production and procurement of various worldwide commodities . The international community has identified many industries whose practices have been known to violate social sustainability , and many of these industries have organizations in place that aid in verifying the social sustainability of products and services . The Equator Principles ( financial industry ) , Fair Wear Foundation ( garments ) , and Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition are examples of such organizations and initiatives .
Provisions in the dispute ending treaty imposed restrictions on both countries ' navies . The United Kingdom 's Royal Navy bought the two Constitución class pre dreadnought battleships that were being built for Chile , and Argentina sold its two Rivadavia class armored cruisers under construction in Italy to Japan . After HMS Dreadnought was commissioned by the United Kingdom , Brazil decided in early 1907 to halt the construction of three obsolescent pre dreadnoughts and begin work on two dreadnoughts ( the Minas Geraes class ) . These ships , which were designed to carry the heaviest battleship armament in the world at the time , came as a shock to the navies of South America , and Argentina and Chile quickly canceled the 1902 armament limiting pact .
Emergency vehicle drivers abandoned their vehicles counter to established policy in the course of the rescue efforts . This prevented other vehicles from being able to access the crash area . The road was so impassible , many rescue workers left their vehicles miles away and made it to the scene on foot . Fog also grounded rescue helicopters for two hours . As a result , many critically injured survivors were not evacuated until 23 : 30 . Eventually , four helicopters from the New York City Police Aviation Unit evacuated 21 people from the crash site . There were also major problems with communication by rescuers .
" Carroll further opined that " [ Robey ] has never failed in anything he has undertaken . He is one of the most intelligent and capable of actors . " Henry IV , Part I opened on 28 February at Her Majesty 's Theatre , and Robey proved himself to be a capable Shakespearean actor , though his Shakespearean debut was marred initially by an inability to remember his lines . A journalist from The Daily Express thought that Robey seemed uncomfortable , displayed a halting delivery and was " far from word perfect " . Writing in The Observer , the critic Ivor Brown said of Robey 's portrayal : " In no performance within my memory has the actor been more obviously the afflicted servant of his lines and more obviously the omnipotent master of the situation " .
After making landfall near Jacmel , Hurricane Gustav began traversing northwestward across the mountainous terrain of southwestern Haiti , dumping heavy rains as it passed . With favorable atmospheric conditions the storm maintained its hurricane intensity for several hours after landfall , but the high mountains over which it was traveling disrupted its lower level circulation . The eye because ragged and clouded over as Gustav weakened to a tropical storm . A large mid- to upper level anticyclone over the Florida Straight slowed Gustav 's movement , holding it over the northern coast of Haiti 's southern peninsula . Rainfall from the storm , which had been heavy since its landfall , began to accumulate as the storm 's movement stalled .
The presence of mutagens may induce the release of some immature " micronucleated " erythrocytes into the bloodstream . Anucleated cells can also arise from flawed cell division in which one daughter lacks a nucleus and the other has two nuclei . In flowering plants , this condition occurs in sieve tube elements . Multinucleated cells contain multiple nuclei . Most acantharean species of protozoa and some fungi in mycorrhizae have naturally multinucleated cells . Other examples include the intestinal parasites in the genus Giardia , which have two nuclei per cell . In humans , skeletal muscle cells , called myocytes and syncytium , become multinucleated during development ; the resulting arrangement of nuclei near the periphery of the cells allows maximal intracellular space for myofibrils .
And air quality , water quality , no matter where we live on this big globe , we 're all responsible , and that 's the message we 're trying to portray . " In June 2007 , the government mandated Alberta Energy and Utilities Board admitted that it had hired private investigators to spy on landowners who opposed the construction of a major power line in the Rimbey area . Stelmach initially downplayed the incident , but ordered a judicial investigation once the province 's Information and Privacy Commissioner initiated an investigation of his own . This investigation found that the EUB had violated provincial law and infringed on the landowners ' privacy , while the judicial investigation criticized the EUB 's tactics as " repulsive " .
When May was absent from the team with illness during parts of 1960 and 1961 , Cowdrey replaced him . Allen and May 's first series in control resulted in a 3 – 2 win over South Africa . In 1956 , the Australians toured England . The home team won the five match series 2 – 1 . The selectors made several important decisions throughout the series . In the third Test , Allen pushed for the inclusion of Cyril Washbrook , who was then 41 years old and had not played a Test for five years . The decision was controversial , and Quelch suggests that , with the series in the balance after England lost the second Test , Allen was feeling the pressure .
A junior and infant department opened in September 1997 after the closure of St Audrey 's Convent school . St Audrey 's was a feeder school , and its closure allowed the then headmaster , Robert Repper , to transfer most of the teaching staff to the new junior school . The junior and infant school has now become a preparatory school for the senior school . It was retitled as Magdalene House in 2005 , a reference to a 17th century scholarship which allowed two Wisbech Grammar School pupils to study at Magdalene College , Cambridge . There were 177 pupils registered in 2008 , of whom 23 were in reception and the rest in years 1 to 6 .
As an example , a filter with a 3 : 1 stopband might have five teeth across the width of the waveguide . The number of rows of teeth down the length of the waveguide primarily affects the stopband attenuation . The more rows of teeth , the better the attenuation , each row being equivalent to a lumped element circuit filter section . A filter with ten rows of teeth has a theoretical stopband rejection of around 80 dB and one with seven rows around 60 dB . The earliest waffle iron filters were designed with the image parameter method of filter design .
The success of the music produced by the movement and its passage from underground phenomenon to mainstream genre , prompted its main promoter Geoff Barton to declare the NWOBHM finished in 1981 . He felt disappointed by the low quality of the new bands and frustrated by the ease with which record labels exploited enthusiasm for heavy metal . Coincidentally , in the same year , the Bandwagon was closed and the Prince of Wales pub was subsequently demolished to build a restaurant . Although the movement had lost some of its appeal for diehard fans , as evidenced by the increased popularity of American influenced AOR releases on sales based national polls , it retained enough vitality to launch a second wave of bands , which rose from the underground and released their first albums in 1982 and 1983 .
The Southern Railway considered naming the locomotives after victories of the Second World War , to the extent that a mocked up nameplate River Plate was produced . In the event , when early successes for the British proved few and far between , the chairman of the Union Castle Line suggested naming them after shipping companies which had called at Southampton Docks in peacetime . This idea resonated in 1941 because the shipping lines were heavily involved in the Atlantic convoys to and from Britain during the Second World War . A new design of nameplate was created , featuring a circular plate with a smaller circle in the centre .
Battalions , companies , and platoons , cut off and isolated , fought independently of higher control and help except for airdrops which supplied many of them . Airdrops also supplied relief forces trying to reach the front line units . Tanks and armored cars drove to the isolated units with supplies of food and ammunition and carried back critically wounded on the return trips . In general , the 35th Infantry fought in its original battle line positions , while at first one battalion , and later two battalions , of the 27th Infantry fought toward it through the estimated 3,000 North Koreans operating in its rear areas .
The Court reversed the ruling of the Court of Appeals , holding that President George W. Bush did not have authority to set up the war crimes tribunals and finding the special military commissions illegal under both military justice law and the Geneva Conventions . Associate Justice John Paul Stevens wrote the opinion for the Court , which commanded a majority only in part . The Stevens opinion began with the issue of jurisdiction , denying the U.S. government 's motion to dismiss under Section 1005 of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 ( DTA ) , which gave the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals " exclusive " jurisdiction to review decisions of cases being tried before military commissions .
The species is protected by national and international measures , but the IUCN Red List recommends further research on various aspects of the species as well as efforts to increase public awareness of the animal . In addition , old forests need to be conserved and the species ' cave roosts need to be protected . In Catalonia , the species is listed as " Endangered " in view of its apparent rarity there . The Red List of Germany 's Endangered Vertebrates lists Myotis alcathoe as " Critically Endangered " as of 2009 . In the Genevan region , the species is also listed as " Critically Endangered " as of 2015 .
A disturbance in the South Indian convergence zone near Seychelles persisted on October 24 with an area of convection . It gradually organized while passing near Agaléga . On October 27 , it developed into a tropical depression , and after Dvorak classifications of 2.5 , the system was named Arilisy . It became disorganized on October 29 , never having intensified beyond winds of 50 km / h ( 30 mph ) . After moving to the southwest for much of its duration , Arilisy dissipated on October 30 . On November 29 , the JTWC began tracking a disturbance well to the northeast of Madagascar .
The eyes of the queens and males are larger than in workers . Specimens of Tatuidris are small , about 3.5 millimeters ( 0.14 in ) in total length , but specimens can vary greatly in size , with larger specimens being twice as large as the smaller ones . Size variability within trap catches ( possibly same colonies ) may be considerable . For example , workers from one collection catch in Nicaragua varied 30 % in size . It is still unclear whether intra colony size variation is due to the presence of morphological worker castes ( e.g. minor and major castes ) or continuous size variability .
The United States energy market is about 29,000 terawatt hours per year . Energy consumption per capita is 7.8 tons ( 7076 kg ) of oil equivalent per year , the 10th highest rate in the world . In 2005 , 40 % of this energy came from petroleum , 23 % from coal , and 22 % from natural gas . The remainder was supplied by nuclear power and renewable energy sources . The United States is the world 's largest consumer of petroleum . For decades , nuclear power has played a limited role relative to many other developed countries , in part because of public perception in the wake of a 1979 accident .
Michalka has said that it was difficult for the writers to incorporate her storylines with the others . During the 2010 Television Critics Association press tour held in Los Angeles on July 29 , 2010 , lead actresses Michalka and Tisdale were asked about the idea of singing on the show . They stated that they plan to keep their music careers separate from the series , although Michalka advised that she would sing in the fourth episode . In addition to that , Michalka 's band 78violet recorded " Belong Here " , which served as the theme song for Hellcats .
He aspires to make his works look like they have independent realities that he reveals rather than creates . For him , removing all the seams from Cloud Gate was necessary in order to make the sculpture seem as though it was " perfect " and ready made . These effects increase the viewer 's fascination with it and makes them wonder what it is and where it came from . His attempts to hide his works ' seams as an artist stand in contrast to Frank Gehry 's architectural designs in the park , Jay Pritzker Pavilion and BP Pedestrian Bridge , which display their seams prominently .
For practical purposes the same verse , closing Ihr , die ihr euch von Christo nennet , BWV 164 , in 1725 , may be used . In the following table of the movements , the scoring follows the Neue Bach Ausgabe , and the abbreviations for voices and instruments the list of Bach cantatas . The keys and time signatures are taken from the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr , using the symbol for common time ( 4 / 4 ) . The instruments are shown separately for winds and strings , while the continuo , playing throughout , is not shown .
Most of the other contemporary yoga systems alluded in the Upanishads and some Pali canons are lost to time . The early Buddhist texts describe meditative practices and states , some of which the Buddha borrowed from the śramaṇa tradition . The Pali canon contains three passages in which the Buddha describes pressing the tongue against the palate for the purposes of controlling hunger or the mind , depending on the passage . However , there is no mention of the tongue being inserted into the nasopharynx as in true khecarī mudrā . The Buddha used a posture where pressure is put on the perineum with the heel , similar to even modern postures used to stimulate Kundalini .
By the mid 1980s Cameron was focusing to a greater extent on her family life , particularly in looking after her grandchildren , who were known to go joyriding in her jeep . Neighbors recall her playing a Celtic harp in her garden and slowly walking her dog around the block while smoking a joint of marijuana . At one point she was arrested for cultivating cannabis in her home . During that decade , Cameron became a regular practitioner of Tai chi , taking part in group sessions in Bronson Park under the tutelage of Marshall Ho 'o and gaining a teaching certificate in the subject .
In 1271 or 1272 his first son was born , and in reference to the new family title , William named his son after the legendary hero Guy of Warwick . William de Beauchamp was a capable military commander , who played an important part in the Welsh and Scottish wars of King Edward I. A marriage between Guy and Isabel de Clare , daughter of Gilbert de Clare , 6th Earl of Hertford , was contemplated , or possibly even took place and then annulled . It was not until early 1309 that Guy married Alice de Toeni , a wealthy Hertfordshire heiress .
He knew that Pennant , with little skill or inclination as a field naturalist , was gathering observations to publish in his books ; he quickly determined that he would make his own use of the correspondence , and kept copies of every letter he sent to Pennant . White was more careful than Pennant , and was sometimes critical ; for example , in 1769 he objected that the goatsucker did not only make its sound while flying as Pennant asserted , so it was wrong to suppose that the noise must be made by the air beating against its " vastly extended mouth " .
However , Arsenal couldn 't capitalise on the opportunities and the final corner ended in the ball being shot a distance over the bar . The first half ended , Arsenal having dominated but the Cardiff City defence had stopped them each time . There was an incident in the crowd during the first half , at the 25th minute around 400 spectators outside the stadium rushed a gate being manned by four policemen . Reinforcements arrived and managed to push the crowd back when they reached the turnstiles . Arsenal again went on the attack as the second half began , with another corner won following a header by Buchan .
Gill missed only three games in all competitions in the 2007 – 08 season , and then signed a contract for yet another year with the club . Manager Keith Downing said : Jerry 's form has been impressively consistent over the past few seasons , he has maintained excellent fitness levels and will once again be a very valuable player for us next season . He is a very good professional who is always on the training field . That is why his career has lasted as long as it has . Jerry is a very good influence on the dressing room as well and I 'm delighted that he will be staying with us .
In the ensuing struggle , Maymun was driven from the city and forced to surrender the Rus ' soldiers , but he returned in 992 . In 1030 , the Rus ' raided the region of Shirvan ; the ruler of Ganja then paid them much money to help suppress a revolt in Beylagan . Afterwards , the Rus ' returned home . According to one source , in November 1031 the Rus ' returned , but were defeated near Baku and expelled . The year of 1032 saw another Rus ' raid into Shirvan ; they were joined by the Alans and Sarir .
The episode stayed up for the remainder of the week , then taken down , and added to the site three weeks later . Within a week , the site served more than a million streams of full episodes , and the number grew to 55 million by October 2008 . Legal issues prevent the U.S. content from being accessible outside the U.S. , so local servers have been set up in other countries . In September 2009 , a South Park Studios website with streaming episodes was launched in the UK . In Canada , episodes were available for streaming from The Comedy Network 's website , though due to digital rights restrictions , they are no longer available .
He later discovered East Coast hip hop . During the recording of Rival Factions , the band took heavy influence from post punk groups like Depeche Mode , Joy Division , Psychedelic Furs , and The Sisters of Mercy . Some of their favorite bands are The Cure , Portishead , Quicksand , Shiner , and Sunny Day Real Estate . Some musicians have cited Project 86 as an influence . Jessy Ribordy , lead singer and songwriter for alternative rock band Falling Up , has been affected by Schwab 's writings . " Andrew 's lyrics have always been a source of inspiration to me , " he told CCM Magazine .
" Guitar World ranked it # 76 on its list of the " Top 100 Guitar Albums of All Time " . New Zealand 's The Movement placed it # 12 on its list of " The 101 Best Albums of the 90s " and Pure Pop of Mexico ranked it # 21 on its list of " The 50 Best Albums of the 90s . " It received perfect scores from both AllMusic and Tiny Mix Tapes , the latter calling it " one of the best albums of the 20th century . " The 2010 " Deluxe Edition " reissue holds a perfect 100 out of 100 score ( indicating " universal acclaim " ) on aggregate review website Metacritic .
On 28 February 1695 , all three groups left their respective bases of operations to conquer the Lacandon . The San Mateo group headed northeast into the Lacandon Jungle . Before the arrival of the Spanish , the western portion of the Pacific plain was dominated by the K 'iche ' and Kaqchikel states , while the eastern portion was occupied by the Pipil and the Xinca . The Pipil inhabited the area of the modern department of Escuintla and a part of Jutiapa ; the main Xinca territory lay to the east of the main Pipil population in what is now Santa Rosa department ; there were also Xinca in Jutiapa .
In his original description , Peck noted that the gills , when viewed with a hand lens , " appear velvety due to the abundant spores " . The fruit bodies are initially covered with a thin , web like partial veil that soon disappears as the cap expands . The cylindrical stem measures 2.5 – 15 cm ( 1.0 – 5.9 in ) long by 0.2 – 2 cm ( 0.1 – 0.8 in ) thick , and taper towards the base . It is ochraceous to wine red or reddish brown with a dry , smooth to fibrillose surface .
The tagline for this episode is " Trust No One " , replacing the usual phrase " The Truth is Out There " and referencing " Deep Throat " ' s last words . Executive producer R. W. Goodwin decided to make his directorial debut with the episode , as he considered it " the best script by far " , offering " a combination of elation and stark terror " . The opening car chase was shot by crew member J.P. Finn , who was the lone producer and directed much of the second unit . It was shot at an abandoned shipyard in North Vancouver known as Versatal Shipyard .
The primary rotating flow in a tropical cyclone results from the conservation of angular momentum by the secondary circulation . Absolute angular momentum on a rotating planet <formula> is given by <formula> where <formula> is the Coriolis parameter , <formula> is the azimuthal ( i.e. rotating ) wind speed , and <formula> is the radius to the axis of rotation . The first term on the right hand side is the component of planetary angular momentum that projects onto the local vertical ( i.e. the axis of rotation ) . The second term on the right hand side is the relative angular momentum of the circulation itself with respect to the axis of rotation .
When the scene was shot , Garland jumped over the horse instead of on it , so the scene had to be shot again . During the second take , she twisted her ankle running down the stairs in the saloon , but continued the scene . When Garland returned home , she thought it would feel good to put her ankle in a warm bath and did . She left it there for about an hour , but when she took it out , she found that it had swollen to twice its normal size . When she returned to the set , Corman said , " Well , we have to start shooting .
Because of Pedro I 's bad reputation in Europe , owing to his past behavior , princesses from several nations declined his proposals of marriage one after another . His pride thus wounded , he allowed his mistress to return , which she did on 29 April 1829 after having been away nearly a year . However , once he learned that a betrothal had finally been arranged , the Emperor ended his relationship to Domitila . She returned to her native province of São Paulo on 27 August , where she remained . Days earlier , on 2 August , the Emperor had been married by proxy to Amélie of Leuchtenberg .
Simpson decided to make the tour risque by adding more backup dancers and wearing skimpier clothing . She took dance lessons for the tour , as she felt that she had to transform herself into a performer . The tour was set up on a portable stage called the " Extreme Mobile Venue " , with a capacity to hold 10,000 people , and ran in mall parking lots . The arena featured a 300 feet ( 91 m ) stadium stage , complete with a sound system and lights . Arrangements for concertgoers to bungee jump , climb a rock wall , and go mechanical surfing while the singer was not performing were also provided .
Critical response to Our World was overall very favorable . Reviews of the premiere episode , however , were somewhat tepid , with The New York Times saying " There are worse ways to spend an hour " and calling the show " a pleasant hour " , while pointing to segments such as an interview with " a man , who , 17 years ago , slept in the house next door to a house struck by the Manson gang " , as " not terribly interesting . " The Los Angeles Times was harsher , calling the debut " rather bland " .
Opinions vary about Hume 's fish theories and practices , which influenced state and federal salmon management for many decades after his death . " Hume was ahead of his time " , Dodds says , " in his belief in hatcheries , in his practice of retaining fry [ immature fish ] in feeding ponds , and in his belief in the home stream theory of salmonology . " Another writer says that " Robert Hume 's efforts to restock the Rogue with hatchery fish were an early glimmer in the dawning of a new era on the river and in the nation at large " even though " his motives may have been suspect , and the practice a less than perfect solution " .
" The episode also portrays Republicans as willing to break the law in order to achieve this ; in this case , Bob commits electoral fraud . This is most displayed in Bob 's line : " Your guilty conscience may force you to vote Democratic , but deep down inside you secretly long for a cold hearted Republican to lower taxes , brutalize criminals , and rule you like a king . That 's why I did this : to protect you from yourselves . " Matthew Henry writes in the same book that the episode " well illustrates the battle of [ political ] ideologies …
The ending was filmed on May 25 and 26 . The music and sound was recorded in July and Saw II was locked on July 16 . It was completely finished by September 9 . Visual effects were performed by C.O.R.E. Digital Pictures and post production services were provided by Deluxe . David Hackl , the film 's production designer , took three weeks to construct 27 sets on a single sound stage . The puppet Billy , used in the series to give instructions to Jigsaw 's victims , was originally created by Wan out of paper towel rolls and papier mâché .
Đujić requested a written guarantee from Ante Pavelić , leader of the NDH , to afford him and his forces refuge in German occupied Slovenia . In addition , Dimitrije Ljotić and Milan Nedić petitioned to Nazi party official Hermann Neubacher in Vienna that Đujić 's forces should be allowed passage , as did Slovene collaborationist General Leon Rupnik . On 21 December 1944 , Pavelić ordered the military forces of the NDH to give Đujić and his forces " orderly and unimpeded passage " . However , Đujić went through an alternate route towards the Istrian peninsula , as the routes offered by Pavelić were not secure from Partisan attacks , and killed the Croatian population along the way .
Third here quotes Völuspá stanzas 38 to 39 , with the insertion of original prose stating that the worst place of all to be is in Hvergelmir , followed by a quote from Völuspá to highlight that the dragon Níðhöggr harasses the corpses of the dead there . Chapter 53 begins with Gangleri asking if any of the gods will survive , and if there will be anything left of the earth or the sky . High responds that the earth will appear once more from the sea , beautiful and green , where self sown crops grow . The field Iðavöllr exists where Asgard once was , and , there , untouched by Surtr 's flames , Víðarr and Váli reside .
A French speaking officer replied " De Bordeaux " ( " from Bordeaux " ) and was then asked what the little ships behind Dart were , to which the officer replied " Je ne sais pas " ( " I do not know " ) . Apparently satisfied with this reply , there were no more questions from the frigate and Dart continued its passage until it came alongside the last French frigate but one . Lookouts on this ship recognised the shape of the strange vessel that had appeared out of the night and immediately opened fire , to which Dart swiftly responded .
In 1958 he was second in the league in both wins ( 17 ) and ERA ( 2.68 ) ; his seventh two hitter , a 1 – 0 win on June 21 against the Baltimore Orioles in which the White Sox scored only an unearned run in the first inning , was followed by the greatest game of his career . On June 27 against the Senators , he retired the first 26 batters before pinch hitter Ed Fitz Gerald lined Pierce 's first pitch down the first base line for an opposite field double that landed about a foot from the foul line .
In 2000 , he was one of the highest paid referees in the NBA , earning over $ 200,000 a year . Among those playoff games included Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals , in which Bavetta ruled that a three point basket made by Howard Eisley of the Utah Jazz was released after the shot clock buzzer sounded and thus would not count . However , television replays on NBC showed otherwise . Bavetta 's career was threatened when he was accidentally hit in the nose by Pacers forward Jalen Rose , who was trying to punch Knicks center Patrick Ewing during a 1999 game between the Indiana Pacers and the New York Knicks .
Seasonings such as salt , pepper , cayenne pepper , paprika , garlic powder , onion powder , or ranch dressing mix can be mixed in with the flour . Either process may be preceded by marination or by dipping in milk or buttermilk . As the pieces of chicken cook , some of the moisture that exudes from the chicken is absorbed by the coating of flour and browns along with the flour , creating a flavorful crust . According to Nathan Bailey 's 1736 cookbook , Dictionarium Domesticum , for example , the chicken can be covered in a marinade that consists of the juice of two large fresh lemons , malt vinegar , bay leaves , salt , pepper , ground cloves , and green onions ; it then must be settled in the marinade for three hours before being dipped in the batter that consists of all purpose flour , white wine , three egg yolks and salt , and then slowly submerged in a deep pot of either oil , lard , or clarified butter over an open fire .
The stores have a retro ambience , with wooden tables and stools , Chinese calligraphy of the company name , posters about their history , traditional methods of preparing food and customer service reflecting Chinese family values . Unlike their main competitors , they have a limited menu that revolves around their core product , kaya toast , with cheese , peanut butter and ice cream as alternative spreads for their thin , brown , crispy bread . To appeal to a wider demographic , Ya Kun also sell French toast and Toastwiches ( their Asian alternative to sandwiches ) ; set meals combine any type of toast with soft boiled eggs and a beverage , usually coffee or teh tarik .
A 1978 field study conducted around Albany found the honey possum ( Tarsipes rostratus ) occasionally visited Adenanthos cuneatus , while the western spinebill much preferred the species to other flowers . A 1980 field study at Cheyne beach showed that the New Holland honeyeater and white cheeked honeyeater pollinate it A 1985 – 86 field study in the Fitzgerald River National Park found that the nectar feeding honey possum occasionally eats it . The silvereye ( Zosterops lateralis ) feeds on nectar from the flowers , and has also been observed taking dew drops from leaves early in the morning .
Earlier , 34 species were observed . In April 2010 , the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission performed a survey of the fish species residing in Briar Creek Reservoir . The most common fish observed were yellow perch ( 645 specimens ) , brown bullhead ( 322 specimens ) , golden shiner ( 319 specimens ) , white crappie ( 216 specimens ) , hatchery trout ( 153 specimens ) , and bluegill ( 121 specimens ) . The largest fish observed were common carp , of which two specimens between 23 inches ( 58 cm ) and 25 inches ( 64 cm ) were observed .
The lemurs are rehabilitated and bred for reintroduction into the wild . The park also collaborates with Colas Madagascar and TOTAL Madagascar to provide environmental education to local primary school children and to plant native trees as part of a reforestation program . Most of the park 's staff come from the neighboring communities . Established around 2000 , Lemurs ' Park is a private , 5 ha ( 12 acres ) botanical park situated next to the Katsaoka River and between the villages of Fenoarivo and Imerintsiatosika , 22 km ( 14 mi ) southwest of Antananarivo along Route Nationale 1 ( RN1 ) in the direction of Ampefy .
Tegetthoff would remain in port for another three years . The most significant moments of her stay in Pola were two inspections by dignitaries , the first by the new Emperor Karl I on 15 December 1916 and the second by the German Kaiser Wilhelm II on 12 December 1917 . The second came during the Kaiser 's inspection of the port city 's German submarine base . While there the port of Pola and the vessels therein were subject to over eighty air raids by the newly formed Italian Air Force . By mid 1918 , the new commander of the Austrian fleet , Konteradmiral Miklós Horthy decided to conduct another attack on the Otranto Barrage , similar to the Otranto Raid from December 1916 , to allow more German and Austro Hungarian U boats to safely get through the heavily defended strait of Otranto .
Murasaki Shikibu briefly mentions her friendly relationship with Lady Kokosho and that they join their rooms separating them by kichō partitions only when both are at home . This behaviour made Michinaga believe that they are gossiping about other people . Murasaki Shikibu then describes the day 's festivities : the Queen and her audience , the clothing , names and titles of the participants which included the Emperor , the infant prince and various court ladies . Dazzled in their presence , she escapes to an inner room . As the nurse , Madam Nakadaka comes away from the Emperor and Queen under the canopy , carrying the prince in her arms , Murasaki Shikibu praises her dignified demeanour , tranquility and earnestness .
Bajana made his debut for Somerset in May 1912 , opening the batting for the county against Sussex . He scored twenty two and seven in a six wicket victory for his county . In the subsequent match , against Hampshire , Bajana scored his first half century in county cricket , hitting 71 runs in the second innings ; the highest score of any Somerset batsman in the match . He passed 50 on three further occasions that year , and along with Len Braund and Ernie Robson , was ever present in the Somerset team that season . His year 's aggregate of 575 runs in the County Championship , and his score of 95 , made against Worcestershire in August , were both the county 's best that season , in a year in which no player scored a century for Somerset .
In an attempt to appease them , Michael promises the entire office a surprise and then spends the rest of the day scrambling to come through with his promise . The employees wait for Michael 's surprise , which he awkwardly never delivers . Jenna Fischer later called " Health Care " her favorite season one episode . During one particular scene , Rainn Wilson kept improvising new fake diseases . The laughter that resulted in his ad libs was not scripted , as they were in fact the cast 's genuine reaction to Wilson 's fake diseases . The episode received a 2.9 / 7 in the Nielsen ratings among people aged 18 – 49 garnered 5.8 million viewers overall .
A second brick cottage , the " white house " or Bunker 2 , was converted some weeks later . According to Höss , Bunker 1 held 800 victims and Bunker 2 held 1,200 victims . These structures were in use for mass killings until early 1943 . At that point , the Nazis decided to greatly increase the gassing capacity of Birkenau . Crematorium II , originally designed as a mortuary , with morgues in the basement and ground level incinerators , was converted into a killing factory by installing gas tight doors , vents for the Zyklon B to be dropped into the chamber , and ventilation equipment to remove the gas afterwards .
Whilst on another mission in the Delta Flyer in " Nightingale " , Kim takes command of an Kraylor vessel , wanting to show that he can command after spending the past seven years as an Ensign on board Voyager . He manages to return the ship to its homeworld , evading an Annari fleet en route . In " Prophecy " , Kim is sexually pursued by the Klingon Ch 'Rega ( Peggy Jo Jacobs ) ; she later chooses Neelix instead . In the alternative future seen at the start of the series finale , " Endgame " , Kim has been promoted to the rank of Captain aboard the USS Rhode Island .
It is initially convex before flattening out with maturity . The cap skin does not peel away from the flesh . The pores underneath are white at first and become pinkish with maturity . They are adnate to the stalk and bulge downwards as the mushroom ages . The pores bruise carmine or brownish , often developing rusty brown spots with age , and number about one or two per millimetre . The tubes are long relative to the size of the cap , measuring 2 – 3 cm ( 0.8 – 1.2 in ) deep in the middle part of the cap .
In addition to providing Union troops , Indiana also organized its own volunteer militia , known as the Indiana Legion . Formed in May 1861 , the Legion was responsible for protecting Indiana 's citizens from attack and maintaining order within the state . By the end of the war , Indiana could claim 46 general officers in the Union army who had at one time resided in the state . These men included Don Carlos Buell , Ambrose Burnside , Lew Wallace , Robert H. Milroy , and Joseph J. Reynolds , among others . More than 35 percent of the Hoosiers who joined the Union army became casualties : 24,416 , roughly 12.6 percent of Indiana 's soldiers who served , lost their lives in the conflict .
In 1994 Folkvord criticised the Labour Government for exporting weapons to Turkey , which at that time was engaged in a civil war against the Kurdish people . He claimed it violated a parliamentary decision made in 1959 which said that the government would not distribute , or export , weapons to countries involved in a civil war . Folkvord earned the support of the Socialist Left , the Centre Party and the Christian Democratic Party who all sought to end weapon exports to Turkey . The Conservative Party supported the Labour Party 's decision however , with the then party leader Jan Petersen claiming that the Kurdish liberators were " terrorists " .
They are supported by the muscles which compose the main part of the trunk . The heart has two chambers and pumps the blood through the respiratory surfaces of the gills and on round the body in a single circulatory loop . The eyes are adapted for seeing underwater and have only local vision . There is an inner ear but no external or middle ear . Low frequency vibrations are detected by the lateral line system of sense organs that run along the length of the sides of fish , and these respond to nearby movements and to changes in water pressure .
At this point in his career Hughes was regarded as one of England 's finest semi professionals and was called up to the England national football C team . In total , Hughes scored 70 goals in 139 games for Kidderminster in all competitions . Hughes was sold to West Bromwich Albion for an initial £ 200,000 – incentives later took the final sum up to £ 380,000 – in August 1997 . He said " It was a dream to join the team I have supported all my life " . The Daily Mirror printed that " Hughes has red hair , tattoos of a Tasmanian devil and a British bulldog on his forearms , dynamite in his boots and Albion in his blood .
This shark , known locally as the " Submarine " , had a legendary reputation that was supposedly well founded . Though rumors have stated this shark was exaggerated in size or non existent altogether , witness accounts by the then young Craig Anthony Ferreira , a notable shark expert in South Africa , and his father indicate an unusually large animal of considerable size and power ( though it remains uncertain just how massive the shark was as it escaped capture each time it was hooked ) . Ferreira describes the four encounters with the giant shark he participated in with great detail in his book " Great White Sharks On Their Best Behavior " .
Raeburn was the most significant artist of the period to pursue his entire career in Scotland . He was born in Edinburgh and returned there after a trip to Italy in 1786 . He is most famous for his intimate portraits of leading figures in Scottish life , going beyond the aristocracy to lawyers , doctors , professors , writers and ministers , adding elements of Romanticism to the tradition of Reynolds . He became a knight in 1822 and the King 's limner and painter for Scotland in 1823 . Nasmyth visited Italy and worked in London , but returned to his native Edinburgh for most of his career .
The Last of Us : Left Behind was released to critical acclaim . Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating in the 0 – 100 range , calculated an average score of 88 out of 100 , indicating " generally favorable reviews " , based on 69 reviews . GameRankings assigned it an average review score of 90 % based on 40 reviews . Reviewers praised the character development , story and subtext , gameplay and combat , and depiction of female and LGBT characters . Tom Mc Shea of GameSpot found the story insightful , and IGN 's Colin Moriarty named it one of the game 's standout features .
As of 2011 the album has sold over nine million copies worldwide , making it one of the most successful in the band 's catalogue . Seventeen months after Holy Wood ( In the Shadow of the Valley of Death ) ' s release , Manson commented on the album 's lackluster US sales . He attributed the lack of commercial appeal to the musical climate of the time , but argued that it stood up comparatively well to contemporary rock albums . Manson noted that the band 's US sales figures are usually one or two million records , and did not find the sales figures disappointing .
Thus , after 1 December 1958 , when Boganda declared the establishment of the Central African Republic as an autonomous member of the French Community , the name was applied only to the former Oubangui Chari . On 8 December , the CAR 's first government came into being with Boganda as prime minister ; a French governor remained in the country but was now called high commissioner . The new government began by adopting a law banning nudity and vagabondage , Boganda 's missionary education still showing through . Its main task , however , was to draw up a constitution , which was democratic and modelled to some extent on that of France ; this was approved by the assembly on 16 February 1959 .
Past this intersection , the route heads through a mix of residences and businesses with some woodland . Route 88 intersects CR 623 , where it heads through a commercial district , crossing CR 549 . A short distance later , the route passes under the Garden State Parkway without an interchange before crossing the Metedeconk River into Brick Township . Here , the road heads through a mix of residential and commercial areas , intersecting CR 64 , CR 44 , CR 40 , and CR 16 . It turns south and intersects CR 40 before crossing Route 70 .
Some of Schyman 's work from BioShock has been performed by a live orchestra in the Video Games Live international concert tour from 2007 to date . In addition , " Welcome to Rapture " from BioShock was performed by the Metropole Orchestra at the Games in Concert 3 event in Utrecht , The Netherlands on November 15 , 2008 . In 2010 music from BioShock 2 and Dante 's Inferno had their live performance premieres in Sweden with the Malmo symphony orchestra . Though he is not opposed to doing work on TV or film scores , Schyman currently prefers to compose music for video games as he feels video game soundtracks give him more freedom and a greater technical challenge .
East from Portland , the south bank of the Columbia already had a rail line , owned by the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company ( later absorbed by Union Pacific Railroad ) . By September 1905 , Northern Pacific had already acquired the property for the future terminal buildings and rail yard — a strip of land two blocks wide , from 10th to 12th avenues , and stretching north from Hoyt Street to the Willamette River . Construction of the railroad itself began in early 1906 . The new company needed freight storage and handling facilities in Portland , and to this end it built the two " freight houses " at 11th Avenue and Hoyt Street , in 1908 .
As a result , Raymond remained in Camrose , signing a letter of intent in November 2004 to join the Minnesota Duluth the following year for the 2005 – 06 season . Several other National Collegiate Athletics Association ( NCAA ) schools had recruited Raymond as well , including the University of Denver , Western Michigan University and the University of Alaska Fairbanks . He chose the Bulldogs because he knew that , with 11 seniors leaving their team the following season , he would have the biggest role with that club . Raymond went on to lead the AJHL in scoring with 41 goals and was named league MVP in 2004 – 05 .
" Much research was put into the visual effects of the explosion . Stock footage of the first beats of nuclear explosions and a self created explosion of 300 gallons of gasoline were used for reference . The ground effects and blowing dust were created with combinations of volumetric computer graphics smoke , and the fireball of the nuclear explosion was built from Hubble images of the Sun . Knauf left the interpretation of the kiss vision open to both the characters and the audience . The tarot readings of fortunetellers Sofie and her mother Apollonia advance the plot significantly .
On May 21 , 1980 , Skalbania announced that the team would move to Calgary . He chose to retain the Flames name , feeling it would be a good fit for an oil town like Calgary , while the flaming " A " logo was replaced by a flaming " C " . Skalbania sold his interest in 1981 , and the Flames have been locally owned since . Unlike the WHA 's Calgary Cowboys , who folded three years earlier , the Flames were immediately embraced by the city of Calgary . While the Cowboys could manage to sell only 2,000 season tickets in their final campaign of 1976 – 77 , the Flames sold 10,000 full- and half season ticket packages in the 7,000 seat Stampede Corral .
Immediately after passing under the Amtrak Susquehanna River Bridge , MD 7 turns west onto Otsego Street . The highway reaches its northern terminus at a five way intersection with Otsego Street , MD 155 ( Ohio Street ) , and US 40 ( Pulaski Highway ) , which crosses the Susquehanna River a short distance to the east on the Thomas J. Hatem Memorial Bridge . MD 7 begins at the entrance to the Perry Point VA Medical Center just north and east of the Amtrak Susquehanna River Bridge adjacent to Rodgers Tavern in the town of Perryville . The highway heads east as municipally maintained Broad Street , passing under both railroad tracks of the wye of Norfolk Southern Railway 's Columbia & Port Deposit line with the Amtrak Northeast Corridor , within which is the Perryville MARC station .
White may also try to develop more quickly with 11.Bf4 in order to strengthen the threat of e2 e4 e5 . The idea of an early Bf4 is also effective in other variations such as 9 ... Re8 10.Bf4. Black too can deviate : for example , the idea of playing for ... b7 b5 after 9 ... Na6 10.Nd2 Nc7 is frequently seen . The Fianchetto Variation is often reached via transposition from other openings . For instance , the position in the diagram can be reached from the King 's Indian via 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.g3 Bg7 4.Bg2 c5 5.d5 d6 6.Nc3 0 0 7.Nf3 e6 8.0 0 exd5 9.cxd5 , or from the Catalan via 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.g3 c5 4.d5 exd5 5.cxd5 d6 6.Nc3 g6 7.Bg2 Bg7 8.Nf3 0 0 9.0 0 .
It is a highly proteroglyphous snake , with fangs up to 6.5 millimeters ( 0.26 in ) in length located at the front of the maxilla . The adult snake 's length ranges from 2 meters ( 6.6 ft ) to 3 meters ( 9.8 ft ) routinely but , according to some sources , specimens have grown to lengths of 4.3 to 4.5 meters ( 14.1 to 14.8 ft ) . Black mambas weigh about 1.6 kilograms ( 3.5 lb ) on average . A specimen of 1.41 meters ( 4.6 ft ) was found to have weighed 651.7 g ( 1.437 lb ) .
" Confe $ $ ions " , " Power Trip " , and " Gravity " were all listed by as extremely strong , but Goss considered the track " Mayday " as the best track " sonically , lyrically and conceptually " on the album , stating that DJ Khalil 's production work " provides the perfect backdrop for K.R.I.T. to walk into your church in the middle of service and express his frustrations with hypocrisies and for Crae to walk in behind him and calm the mob down while still co signing K.R.I.T. ’ s verse . " The Houston Press summarized the album by stating that " by and large , Gravity acts and dresses like a stand along rap album built from the same organ drenched and string heavy foundation that Houston 's style of G funk did in the ' 90s .
Notwithstanding the election of the first Doge , vassalic evidence such as honours and orders received by the doge from the Emperor implies that Venice was considered part of the Byzantine Empire even after the capture of Ravenna by the Lombards . Despite the Pax Nicephori ( 803 ) , which recognised Venice as Byzantine territory , the influence of the Eastern Roman Emperor slowly faded away . By 814 Venice functioned as a fully independent republic . Even so , Venice became a partner of the Empire and trading privileges were granted to it by the Emperors via treaties , such as the Byzantine – Venetian Treaty of 1082 .
The cause of Mawson and Mertz 's illnesses remains in part a mystery . At the time , McLean — the expedition 's chief surgeon and one of the men who had remained at Cape Denison — attributed their sickness to colitis ; Mawson wrote in The Home of the Blizzard , his official account of the expedition , that Mertz died of fever and appendicitis . A 1969 study by Sir John Cleland and R. V. Southcott of the University of Adelaide concluded that the symptoms Mawson described — hair , skin and weight loss , depression , dysentery and persistent skin infections — indicated the men had suffered hypervitaminosis A , an excessive intake of vitamin A. This is found in unusually high quantities in the livers of Greenland Huskies , of which both Mertz and Mawson consumed large amounts .
A music video for the single was released June 3 , 2011 on the OFWGKTA YouTube channel . It was directed by Tyler himself and features Ocean . The video contains black humor and was noted for approaching its subject matter in a satirical , tongue in cheek manner . Both Tyler and Ocean would often perform the song together during their various tours and was notably performed at the April 2011 Coachella Musical Festival . Rapper Tyler , the Creator , who is often known for his controversial nature , and R & B singer and occasional rapper Frank Ocean , who joined hip hop collective Odd Future , had quickly bonded and became friends , collaborating on several tracks such as " Analog 2 " , " Window " and " She .
The only one to ever exist and titled Love that God , it highlights Flanders ' dedication to religion and perfect family niceness by showing Ned nearly scolding Rod and Todd after they refuse to get ready for church – only to have them inform him that it is , in fact , Saturday . Ned laughs at his mistake with a trademark " okely dokely do ! " The segment was added when " The Front " was too short and the producers had already tried " every trick in the book " to lengthen it . Although the episode was scripted by Adam I. Lapidus , " Love That God " was written by Mike Reiss , Al Jean and Sam Simon .
However , Joanne escapes with the completed formula , which she gives to Mitchell Loeb ( Chance Kelly ) . Loeb kills her , but not before using the equation to allow him to pass through solid matter . " The Equation " was written by supervising producer J. R. Orci and co executive producer David H. Goodman . Both would go on to separately write other first season episodes , including Orci 's " The Transformation " and Goodman 's " Safe " , which resolved the fate of the eponymous equation . " The Equation " was directed by filmmaker Gwyneth Horder Payton , her first and only credit for the series to date .
In September 1938 , Krueger went to Fort George G. Meade , Maryland , as commander of the 16th Infantry Brigade . He was promoted to temporary major general in February 1939 , when he became commander of the 2nd Infantry Division at Fort Sam Houston , Texas . The 2nd Infantry Division was at the time being used as a test of the US Army 's new triangular division concept . As a result , Krueger made a series of suggestions as to how the organization could be improved . He became interested in the possibilities of mechanization and fast paced modern warfare , which were tested in maneuvers with his division .
Merv had already gained Test selection , but soon Neil was attracting more attention . In the opening match of the season , Harvey struck 87 against the touring Indian cricket team . He was selected for an Australian XI , which played the Indians before the Tests in what was effectively a dress rehearsal . He made 32 in the first innings and was unbeaten on 56 in the second as the hosts succumbed for 203 and suffered a 47 run loss . Despite this , he was initially overlooked for the Tests . He reached 35 in each of his next five innings for Victoria , including two fifties .
The Great Milenko is the fourth Joker 's Card in Insane Clown Posse 's Dark Carnival concept album series . The Dark Carnival is a concept of the afterlife in which souls are sent to a form of limbo while waiting to be sent to heaven or hell based on their individual actions . These concepts are related by Insane Clown Posse in a series of albums called the six Joker 's Cards . Each of the six Joker 's Cards relate to a specific character — an entity of the Dark Carnival — that tries to " save the human soul " by showing the wickedness inside of one 's self .
However , the decision was ultimately taken to avoid making a direct sequel , and instead produce a fantasy film with a similar atmosphere . Fantasy author Neil Gaiman and artist Dave McKean were called in to write and direct a film similar in spirit to Labyrinth , and MirrorMask was ultimately released in selected theaters in 2005 after premiering at the Sundance Film Festival . On January 22 , 2016 , Sony Pictures announced that a reboot is in development with Lisa Henson as producer and Nicole Perlman attached as the screenwriter . However , on January 25 , Perlman confirmed on Twitter that while she is working on a Labyrinth project with the Jim Henson Company , it is not a remake or reboot .
The next match that aired was Hercules ( with Bobby Heenan in his corner ) against Billy Jack Haynes in the " Full Nelson Challenge . " The match ended when Haynes locked Hercules in the full nelson outside the ring and both were counted out . After the match , Bobby Heenan assaulted Haynes by kneeing him in the back , and Haynes chased Heenan into the ring , where Hercules then blindsided Haynes with his chain , hitting him a number of times with it before locking him in a full nelson of his own . The Mixed Tag Team Match between King Kong Bundy and his midget team of Lord Littlebrook and Little Tokyo against Hillbilly Jim and his own midget team of The Haiti Kid and Little Beaver was next .
The Italians came to refer to a range of different castle types as motta , however , and there may not have been as many genuine motte and bailey castles in southern Italy as was once thought on the basis of the documentary evidence alone . In addition , there is evidence of the Norman crusaders building a motte and bailey using sand and wood in Egypt in 1221 during the Fifth Crusade . Motte and bailey castles became a less popular design in the mid medieval period . In France , motte and bailey castles were not built after the start of the 12th century , and mottes ceased to be built in most of England after around 1170 , although they continued to be erected in Wales and along the Marches .
, reported two Japanese submarines destroyed . Subsequent evidence does not suggest Chew struck any Japanese submarines . In the chaos of the attack , a number of Chew crew members also disembarked and came aboard nearby Pennsylvania , which was in drydock , to assist in manning guns , forming ammunition trains , and fighting fires . Aboard Pennsylvania , two Chew crewman were killed in defending the ship , Seaman Second Class Matthew J. Agola and Fireman Third Class Clarence A. Wise . From 1941 through the end of World War II , Chew operated out of Pearl Harbor on patrol .
The American River Division stores water in the American River watershed , to both provide water supply for local settlements , and supply it to the rest of the system . The dams also are an important flood control measure . Hydroelectricity is generated at Folsom and Nimbus dams , and marketed to the Western Area Power Administration . The Folsom Unit consists of Folsom Dam , its primary water storage component , and Nimbus Dam , which serves as its downstream forebay . The Folsom Dam is located on the American River , and stores 1,010,000 acre feet ( 1,250,000 dam3 ) of water in its reservoir , Folsom Lake .
In contrast , Small Heath put on " a very indifferent display " in losing 4 – 1 at West Bromwich Albion . They scored twice , very much against the run of play , to come back from 2 – 0 down to beat Stoke 4 – 2 , and their good fortune continued at Bolton Wanderers . The home goalscorer , Alex Paton , left the field injured before half time , goalkeeper John Willie Sutcliffe was insistent that Jack Hallam 's equaliser had been punched into the goal – Hallam was equally insistent that it had not – and after Wheldon scored Small Heath 's winner , the referee ended the game a few minutes early .
The band recorded Daybreaker at Outhouse Studios in Reading , Berkshire , where they had previously recorded Ruin ( 2007 ) and Hollow Crown ( 2009 ) . Daybreaker had the same production and engineering team as did Hollow Crown ; John Mitchell acted as Daybreaker 's mixing engineer , and Mitchell described Daybreaker as " the album they should have made after Hollow Crown " . Tom Searle said that during the recording , he and Hillier Brook were constantly practising to perfect the highly technical guitar riffs . Architects invited Jon Green from Deez Nuts , Oliver Sykes from Bring Me the Horizon , and Drew York from Stray from the Path to sing on the album .
After Yggdrasil overtook the development , the development status was changed from the W3C beta builds back to alpha , implying that the Arena browser wasn 't yet ready for release . The beta 3e version numbering then became 0.3.5 in GNU style Development remained in alpha stage until 0.3.62 , and never again advanced to beta . Although Arena ran well , there were inconsistent reports about the speed of Arena . The biggest problems were that Arena couldn 't handle forms , and that the PNG support was broken from version 0.3.07 on . Earlier Arena releases had full alpha channel support , but only with using Arena 's own " sandy " background pattern .
Notwithstanding this speculation , Hewson generally shies away from political comments in the media . Hewson has long advocated for a children 's museum for Ireland , inspired by a positive experience her daughters had at the Dallas Children 's Museum in the mid 1990s . In 2003 , plans were announced to build the so called Exploration Station as part of an overall € 500 million Heuston Gate development project near the Dublin Heuston railway station . The children oriented science centre was to be owned by the Irish Children 's Museum charitable trust , with Hewson as a prominent member of the museum .
In February 2009 , France offered Rafales to Oman to replace its ageing fleet of SEPECAT Jaguars . In December 2012 , Oman placed an order for 12 Typhoons , after reports surfaced that the country had preference for the fighter in 2010 . Rafale A Technology demonstrator , first flying in 1986 . Rafale D Dassault used this designation ( D for discrète ) in the early 1990s to emphasise the new semi stealthy design features . Rafale B Two seater version for the French Air Force . Rafale C Single seat version for the French Air Force . Rafale M Carrier borne version for the French Naval Aviation , which entered service in 2001 .
" Parish also found the music " downright painful " , which he contrasted with the " moody , atmospheric compositions " the series was known for . Van Duyn cited the music as the " only bad point " in the game , stating that the ambient sounds " tend to get annoying after hearing them again and again . " Jones said that " [ a ] lot of the time there is no music , just a steady beat , but when you get into certain areas a slow , moody tune begins to play in the background .
In recent years the parish council has become a significant grant funder of local organisations and events . There is currently a debate underway about the correct disbursement and monitoring of these grants , following allegations of impropriety regarding some councillors . Burnham was a large ancient parish , and until the late 19th century included the then hamlet of Highbridge and rural areas around Edithmead . In 1894 Highbridge became a separate civil parish , itself divided in 1896 between the new civil parishes of North Highbridge ( within Highbridge Urban District ) and Burnham Without . Burnham itself became Burnham Urban District , renamed Burnham on Sea Urban District in 1917 .
The duke violated the purpose of the agreement by using it as a stalling tactic to reinforce the defense of Paris . The French army marched through towns near Paris during the interim and accepted several peaceful surrenders . The Duke of Bedford led an English force and confronted the French army in a standoff at the battle of Montépilloy on 15 August . The French assault at Paris ensued on 8 September . Despite a wound to the leg from a crossbow bolt , Joan remained in the inner trench of Paris until she was carried back to safety by one of the commanders .
The walls were decorated with cornices , moldings , pilasters and at times blind arcades . First the walls were plastered entirely by a mix of mud , sand , lime and straw , both inside and outside . Paint in earth tones was applied over the lime whitewash , and ornaments were drawn , featuring elements from flora and fauna , as well as angels , saints and geometrical patterns . As noted above , in some cases mica was used to decorate the walls , columns and woodworks . Large oval " oeil de boeuf " windows , surrounded by relief petals , above the main doors are a characteristic feature .
The abbot of the new monastery at Dunkeld emerged as the Bishop of the new combined Kingdom of Alba , which would subsequently come to be known as the Kingdom of Scotland . While the official conversion of Scandinavian Scotland took place at the end of the tenth century , there is evidence that Christianity had already made inroads into the Viking controlled Highland and Islands . There are a large number of isles called Pabbay or Papa in the Western and Northern Isles , which may indicate a " hermit 's " or " priest 's isle " from this period .
The method was originally developed as a cost efficient way to weld steel using GMAW , because this variation uses carbon dioxide , a less expensive shielding gas than argon . Adding to its economic advantage was its high deposition rate , allowing welding speeds of up to 110 mm / s ( 250 in / min ) . As the weld is made , a ball of molten metal from the electrode tends to build up on the end of the electrode , often in irregular shapes with a larger diameter than the electrode itself . When the droplet finally detaches either by gravity or short circuiting , it falls to the workpiece , leaving an uneven surface and often causing spatter .
Nintendo later released this version via the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U Virtual Console . Yoshi 's Island received " instant " and " universal acclaim " , according to IGN and review aggregator Metacritic , and sold over four million copies . Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers offered lavish praise for the game 's aesthetics , sound , level design , and gameplay , and posited Yoshi 's Island as a masterpiece and the best platformer of all time . The game brought newfound renown to both Yoshi as a character and Miyamoto 's artistic and directorial career . The distinct art style and Yoshi 's signature characteristics established in Yoshi 's Island would carry throughout a series of cameos , spin offs , and sequels , including the 1998 Yoshi 's Story , 2006 Yoshi 's Island DS , 2014 Yoshi 's New Island , and 2015 Yoshi 's Woolly World .
The Beyond the Beach shop , located near the park 's entrance , sells surf and WhiteWater World branded merchandise . The shop contains a Kodak photo centre that allows guests to purchase on ride photos taken on the Super Tubes Hydrocoaster and photographs taken inside the park . Beyond the Beach also serves as the exit gates for the park . WhiteWater World operates three dining outlets in the peak holiday seasons : Bite Me Cafe , Sandman 's Cafe and Bar and Salty 's Kiosk . The widest range of meals is available from the Bite Me Cafe which operates all year round .
Leonardo da Vinci was buried in the Chapel of Saint Hubert in Château d 'Amboise , in France . Some 20 years after Leonardo 's death , Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benvenuto Cellini as saying : " There had never been another man born in the world who knew as much as Leonardo , not so much about painting , sculpture and architecture , as that he was a very great philosopher . " Florence at the time of Leonardo 's youth was the centre of Christian Humanist thought and culture . Leonardo commenced his apprenticeship with Verrocchio in 1466 , the year that Verrocchio 's master , the great sculptor Donatello , died .
The first of four quarterfinal matches in the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament opened Sacrifice . It pitted James Storm , accompanied by Jackie Moore and Sting , against Team 3D ( Brother Devon and Brother Ray ) . The match lasted eight minutes and fifty seconds . Near the end , Team 3D set up a table in the middle of the ring . Sting then turned on Storm and lifted him off the turnbuckle and slammed him through the table . Devon covered Storm for the win , thereby advancing himself and Brother Ray in the tournament . The second quarterfinal match , Christian Cage and Rhino against Booker T and Robert Roode , lasted seven minutes and five seconds .
Initial excavations were carried out during ten days in September 2004 . It was thought initially that the site was purely Iron Age or perhaps Romano British . A more in depth excavation was carried out in July 2005 after a geophysical survey revealed the existence of a large roundhouse , dating from the Iron Age , in the centre of the enclosure . The work revealed three roundhouses , several Iron Age ditches and a series of pits that were evidently graves . The latter came as a complete surprise and were found to date from the Anglo Saxon period .
Wilton is a brooding loner who kills a poor girl who loves him because he considers his interests superior to those around him , knows little guilt , and avoids detection through luck . Allen signals his intentions with more superficial similarities : both killers attempt to cover their crime by faking a robbery , both are almost caught by a painter 's unexpected appearance in the stairwell , and both sleuths play cat and mouse with the suspect . Allen argues , unlike Dostoyevsky , that there is neither God , nor punishment , nor love to provide redemption .
Steps to organise two further battalions of black Southern Rhodesians were abandoned because of the conviction of the colony 's overall military commander , Brigadier E R Day , that it was important " to preserve a fair balance " between black and white troops , and that raising the men would take too long in any case . 1RAR trained in Kenya from December 1943 to September 1944 , when it transferred to Ceylon and became part of the 22nd ( East Africa ) Infantry Brigade alongside the 1st KAR and the 3rd Northern Rhodesia Regiment . In December 1944 , after three months ' training for jungle warfare , 1RAR and the other two components of the brigade joined the Burma Campaign at Chittagong under the command of the 15th Indian Corps .
The raising of the British flags on Alexander and Canada was a clear indicator to Nielly that the British were aware of his identity , and he instead ordered his squadron to hoist the French tricolour , finally abandoning the ruse that his ships were British . During the preceding three hours , the division of the French squadron in pursuit of Alexander had steadily closed the gap between the ships , Alexander responding by firing stern chasers at the pursuers . The French ships responded by firing their bow chasers at the British vessel . At 09 : 00 Canada too came in range , Nielly ordering his flagship Marat to fire on the Hamilton 's ship , the shot flying over the vessel and harmlessly into the sea .
The station was visited by Albert Edward , Prince of Wales , in 1878 . The station saw major works at the beginning of the 1880s . From 24 to 27 January 1880 , the line was relaid as 4 ft 8 1 ⁄ 2 in ( 1,435 mm ) standard gauge , and on 15 September 1880 a passing loop was brought into use through the station , east of the original track , with a new platform serving it . The new platform had a large shelter and a small signal cabin immediately south of the shelter , with a footbridge at the south end linking it to the original platform .
They entered the yard of the college where they were shot at by Saari , and forced to retreat . From around 11 : 45 to 12 : 00 further police units , bolstered by a number of armoured vehicles , began to arrive on the scene . They attempted to enter the building through the main corridor , but this assault was aborted due to the black smoke that was emanating from within the building . Having escaped the buildings in a variety of ways ( including through doors and out of windows ) , some students found themselves impeded by a river that adjoined the school .
Reviewers noted that it allowed for simpler control using fewer buttons , but that it occasionally caused the player to perform unintended actions . The camera control was quoted as making combat " second nature " , although the new system took time for the player to get used to . The game 's audio was generally well received , with IGN comparing some of Koji Kondo 's pieces to the work of Philip Glass . Many atmospheric sounds and surround sound were designed to effectively immerse the player in the game world . Some reviewers complained that the audio samples used in the game sounded dated ; others considered this a benefit , calling them " retro " .
Under increasing French pressure , the VNQDD leadership switched tack , replacing a strategy of isolated clandestine attacks against individuals with a plan to expel the French in a single blow with a large scale popular uprising . After stockpiling home made weapons , the VNQDD launched the Yên Bái mutiny on February 10 , 1930 with the aim of sparking a widespread revolt . VNQDD forces combined with disaffected Vietnamese troops , who mutinied against the French colonial army . The mutiny was quickly put down , with heavy French retribution . Học and other leading figures were captured and executed and the VNQDD never regained its political strength in the country .
He thought that the plot seemed reminiscent of the plot of a Philip K. Dick novel , but thought that the away team sequences on the planet were a little boring with the exception of Data jumping down into the pit where Picard and Crusher were . Michelle Erica Green reviewed the episode for the website TrekNation in August 2007 . She thought that the scenario with La Forge was the most forced but described Vincent Schiavelli as a " treat " . She said that the cast otherwise didn 't get to stretch much , but was pleased with the visuals where the star drive section enters the planet 's atmosphere .
The pair developed a distinctive style , including in their stories characteristic musical numbers and chase scenes . Together they won an Environmental Achievement Award for a 1996 Rocko episode they had written . In 1996 , Povenmire and Marsh conceived the series Phineas and Ferb , based on their similar experiences of childhood summers spent outdoors . Povenmire went through several unsuccessful pitches to get the series picked up . In 1997 , Marsh was hired as one of the first artists for the Fox Network animated series King of the Hill , serving as both a storyboard artist and designer .
" She aspired to find a creative role but recognized the difficulties she faced , as she later wrote : I secretly cherished the idea of being a great artist . . . but that dream seemed in no way possible of realization . . . [ Although ] my desire to create beauty was strong , I did not seem to possess talent for music , writing , painting or sculpture , at the time , the only outlet a woman had to express any artistic ability . . . My artistic yearnings lay fallow until I realized it was necessary to earn my living .
Rorke named her the show 's heroine , and wrote that " Izzie is a welcome , calming presence , despite the devastation she experienced when she failed to save her patient and fiance Denny Duquette " , considering her to have been more prominent than the title character , Grey , whose storyline received negative critiques : " She used to be the queen of the romantic dilemmeas . But lately , she 's been a little dopey , with that endless McDreamy soliloquies . " Abigail Chao of Television Without Pity had a positive outlook on the episode .
The team used the new heavy ion linear accelerator ( HILAC ) to bombard a curium target ( 95 % 244Cm and 5 % 246Cm ) with 13C and 12C ions . They were unable to confirm the 8.5 MeV activity claimed by the Swedes but were instead able to detect decays from fermium 250 , supposedly the daughter of 254102 ( produced from the curium 246 ) , which had an apparent half life of ~ 3 s . Later 1963 Dubna work confirmed that 254102 could be produced in this reaction , but that its half life was actually 50 ± 10 s .
Though heavy on theatrics , there was no skimping on the music . " She also commented on Gaga 's fashion sense and style in her costumes by saying , " In an hour , Gaga proved her star power by packing in all her hits , displaying influences that ranged from Motown to 80s pop , and exhibiting a fearless fashion sense in several costume changes , none of which covered her bum . " Andy Downing from Chicago Tribune was impressed by the show at House of Blues and said " The work is paying off . Just weeks into her first nationwide headlining tour , the 22 year old New Yorker [ ... ] already commands the stage like a seasoned pro .
The route has undergone only minor changes since then . The section of US 64 between Webbers Falls and Gore was pressed into service as a detour for I 40 traffic after the collapse of its bridge over the Arkansas River on May 26 , 2002 . The detour significantly impacted the town of Gore . Local firefighters directed traffic there 24 hours a day , with daytime temperatures approaching 100 ° F ( 38 ° C ) . Businesses in Gore reported loss of revenue due to the traffic ; one gas station reported a 30 % decline in revenue while traffic was detoured through town .
This route ran within a few miles of the river to Saint Anthony Falls and the community of that name which was growing on the east bank of the Mississippi . The trail then left the river and crossed open country to Saint Paul . The carters camped on the uplands west of the steamboat landing during the interval between their arrival with the furs and their return to the north with supplies and trade goods . Inferior in terrain to other routes , the Woods Trail was superior in safety , as it was well within the lands of the Ojibwa .
These writings , along with Darwin 's correspondence via their mutual friend William Yarrell , aided Darwin in the inception of Darwin 's theory of natural selection . Darwin 's seminal work On the Origin of Species , first published in 1859 , cited Sir John 's experiments in pigeon breeding , and recalled " That most skilful breeder , Sir John Sebright , used to say , with respect to pigeons , that ' he would produce any given feather in three years , but it would take him six years to obtain head and beak . ' " Darwin also cited Sir John extensively regarding the Sebright bantam , as well as pigeon and dog breeding , in his 1868 work Variation of Plants and Animals Under Domestication , his 1871 The Descent of Man , and Selection in Relation to Sex , and his book on Natural Selection ( which was not published in his lifetime ) .
This game was also the second and final game of B.J. Monteiro 's 2 game suspension following allegations of participating in a robbery . Three days later , it was announced that Bolding had fractured his wrist when he was fouled , and would be unable to play for 4 – 6 weeks . Despite the loss of Bolding , the team went on the road to face Iowa on November 17 , with newly returned B.J. Monteiro starting in place of Melquan Bolding . When down 49 – 50 with 11.7 seconds left , Bill Clark took an off balance 3 point shot which spun in , putting the team up 52 – 50 and sealing their second victory of the regular season .
A traffic light that had been malfunctioning after a recent lightning strike may also have contributed . In 2007 , New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ) officials announced their long term plan to prevent further traffic jams . They will create a series of loops and overpasses allowing traffic to go directly from southbound Route 32 to the Thruway and remove some traffic lights in front of the mall . The changes were expected to be complete by 2011 , as part of improvements to convert the Route 17 expressway into I 86 . However , in 2009 they were postponed due to funding constraints .
Murphy had a minor supporting role in the successful Hollywood period drama Cold Mountain . He portrayed a deserting soldier who shares a grim scene with Jude Law 's character , and was only on location in Romania for a week . Murphy stated that it was a " massive production " , remarking that director Anthony Minghella was the calmest director he 'd ever met . Murphy also had a role as a butcher in Girl with a Pearl Earring with Scarlett Johansson and Colin Firth . In 2004 , Murphy toured Ireland as the " androgynous , naive Christy " in the titular role of The Playboy of the Western World , a Druid Theatre Company production under the direction of Garry Hynes , who had previously directed Murphy in Seán O 'Casey 's Juno and the Paycock and John Murphy 's The Country Boy , also for Druid .
The viscous oil is also blended with natural gas liquids to allow it to flow more readily through the pipeline . Truck transportation of oil was phased out in Santa Barbara County in the 1970s because pipelines were considered a safer option . Before the spill , an inspection of the 28 year old Line 901 pipeline found extensive corrosion problems resulting in thinning pipeline walls . The pipeline did not have an automatic shut off valve that would have been required on an intrastate pipeline as Line 901 is categorized as an interstate pipeline . Officials from Plains All American Pipeline claimed that installing a new valve would present other potential dangers .
The four 120 millimeter ( 4.7 in ) guns were also mounted on the upper deck . She may have exchanged her Mle 1864 guns for Mle 1870 guns . The armor piercing shell of the 20 caliber Mle 1870 gun weighed 165.3 pounds ( 75.0 kg ) while the gun itself weighed 7.83 long tons ( 7.96 t ) . The gun fired its shell at a muzzle velocity of 1,739 ft / s ( 530 m / s ) and was credited with the ability to penetrate a nominal 12.5 inches ( 320 mm ) of wrought iron armour at the muzzle .
Though Zosky was expected to be the starting shortstop earlier in the year , by February Schofield was the leading contender for the position . Due to his struggles in 1992 – not only did he hit .231 , he also committed 27 errors – and his injuries , the Blue Jays began looking beyond Zosky as the future starting shortstop for the team , paying more attention to their other prospect Alex Gonzalez . After undergoing a surgery on his bad elbow to remove a bone spur on March 16 , Zosky 's starting prospects dimmed even further – he was placed on the 15 day disabled list on March 26 , 1993 , later spending some time in extended spring training .
Ingram and Streng argued that the Augustinian theodicy fails to account for the existence of evil before Adam 's sin , which Genesis presents in the form of the serpent 's temptation . The Italian theologian Francesco Antonio Zaccaria criticised Augustine 's concept of evil in the eighteenth century . He noted a distinction between using the term evil to imply blame ( sin ) and to imply lament ( suffering ) and argued that Augustine posited sin to have occurred before suffering . This was problematic for Zaccaria , who believed that it made Augustine seem offhand and uninterested in human suffering .
The route from Kiel to Hamburg was also chosen to boost the two cities ' joint bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics . This was to be the last time the race would run under the name of Vattenfall Cyclassics , as Vattenfall announced that they would not extend their sponsorship . The energy provider had a significant role in the establishment of the race in 1996 , under its earlier name HEW . The event will now be forced to search for a new sponsor to provide the estimated 800.000 Euro previously supplied by Vattenfall , about a third of the race 's budget .
In the same year , more than 100,000 were employed in public administration , defence and compulsory social insurance sector as well as in education . Since 2009 , negative trends persisted in Croatia with jobs in the industry declined further by 3.5 % . Number of unemployed and retired persons combined exceeded number of employed in August 2010 , as it fell to 1.474 million . In 2009 , labour force consisted of 1.765 million persons out of 3.7 million working age population — aged 15 and over . In October 2011 , unemployment rate stood at 17.4 % .
Her professional women 's side went on to win the league championship under her leadership . The lack of high level football opportunities in Uganda led to some players going from there to Rwanda for opportunities to play in the country 's professional league . International training related to women is limited in Rwanda . Between 1991 and 2010 , there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women 's coaching , no women 's football seminar held in the country , and no FIFA MA course held for women and youth football . Internationally , in 2007 , a representative from the country attended a FIFA sponsored women 's football symposium in China .
" Katherine St. Asaph for Popdust described the song 's percussion as " huge . " The song samples the melody of The xx 's song " Intro " , which was included on their debut album xx . Robert Copsey for Digital Spy noted that Rihanna describes herself as someone who wants to be loved in the lyric " I just wanna be in love " as she sings about being a " hopeless romantic " . He also described the lyric " I wear my heart on my sleeve / Always let love take the lead " as Talk That Talk 's " most thoughtful " line .
With the treaty of 904 , all Slavic inhabited lands in modern southern Macedonia and southern Albania were ceded to the Bulgarian Empire , with the border line running some 20 kilometres north of Thessaloniki . The death of Leo VI on 11 May 912 and the accession of his infant son Constantine VII under the guidance of Leo 's brother Alexander , who expelled Leo 's wife Zoe from the palace , constituted a great opportunity for Simeon to attempt another campaign against Constantinople , the conquest of which remained the dream of his life . In the spring of 913 , Simeon 's envoys , who had arrived in Constantinople to renew the peace of 896 , were sent away by Alexander , who refused to pay the annual tribute , urging Simeon to prepare for war .
To comply with Congo law the company had to pay the villagers for bringing them rubber , these payments were often made in goods . Roger Casement , the British Consul in the Free State , recorded payments of a nine inch knife of 1.25 fr value for a full basket of rubber , a five inch knife worth 0.75 fr for a less full basket and beads worth 0.25 fr for a smaller amount of rubber . Yet the main incentive for villagers to bring rubber was not the small payments but the fear of punishment . If a man did not fulfil his quota his family may have been taken hostage by Abir and released only when the quota was filled .
Cooperation leads to altruistic behaviour , and costly signalling could explain this . All religions may involve costly and elaborate rituals , performed publicly , to demonstrate loyalty to the religious group . In this way , group members increase their allegiance to the group by signalling their investment in group interests . However , as group size increases among humans , the threat of free riders grows . Costly signalling theory accounts for this by proposing that these religious rituals are costly enough to deter free riders . Irons proposed that costly signalling theory could explain costly religious behaviour .
In the 1970s comparisons between phoronid larvae and the cyphonautes larva of some gymnolaete bryozoans produced suggestions that the bryozoans , most of which are colonial , evolved from a semi colonial species of phoronid . Brachiopods were also assigned to the " Tentaculata " , which were renamed Lophophorata as they all use a lophophore for filter feeding . Although the majority of scientists accept this , Claus Nielsen thinks these similarities are superficial . The Lophophorata are usually defined as animals with a lophophore , a three part coelom and a U shaped gut . In Nielsen 's opinion , phoronids ' and brachiopods ' lophophores are more like those of pterobranchs , which are members of the phylum Hemichordata .
Pohle survived , but the action claimed the lives of his three crew members . Seventeen year old Gefreiter August Schleicher and Unteroffizier Kurt Seydel ( nineteen ) , whose bodies were recovered , were accorded military funerals with full honours . RAF pipers played ' Over the Sea to Skye ' as a lament . Originally interred at Portobello Cemetery , their remains were moved in 1959 to the German Military Cemetery at Cannock Chase , Staffordshire . The body of Pohle 's Observer , Feldwebel Werner Weise , was not recovered . Archie McKellar was credited with the victory , which was logged by the Royal Observer Corps as being at 14.55 hours , missing by just ten minutes the downing of the first enemy aircraft over Britain in WWII .
The Lesser Antillean macaw is well documented compared to most other extinct Caribbean macaws , since it was mentioned and described by several contemporary writers . Parrots thought to be the Lesser Antillean macaw were first mentioned by the Spanish historian Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés in 1553 , referring to a 1496 account by the Spanish bibliographer Ferdinand Columbus , who mentioned chicken sized parrots — which the Island Caribs called " Guacamayas " — in Guadeloupe . In 1774 , the French naturalist Comte de Buffon stated that the Italian explorer Christopher Columbus had found macaws in Guadeloupe .
He was introduced by executive producer Phil Redmond as part of the Osborne family , and played by Adam Booth , made his first on screen appearance on 18 November 1996 . Booth left the role in 1997 , but the character was recast in 1999 with current portrayer Ashley Taylor Dawson . Dawson decided to leave Hollyoaks in 2000 to concentrate on his band , allSTARS * , but returned in 2003 and has since remained in the role . Darren was initially characterised as a " bad boy " who has matured throughout his tenure . One of Darren 's more notable storylines included his battle with a gambling addiction which led him to lose his share in The Dog in the Pond , be disowned by his father and have his family reject him .
However , it is now possible to use this genomic data to reconstruct complete networks of biochemical reactions and produce more holistic mathematical models that may explain and predict their behavior . These models are especially powerful when used to integrate the pathway and metabolite data obtained through classical methods with data on gene expression from proteomic and DNA microarray studies . Using these techniques , a model of human metabolism has now been produced , which will guide future drug discovery and biochemical research . These models are now used in network analysis , to classify human diseases into groups that share common proteins or metabolites .
In 2008 , it was suggested that the silky sifaka may be sympatric with the red ruffed lemur ( Varecia rubra ) near Maherivaratra and Andaparaty . The silky sifaka is one of the larger sifaka species , with a head body length of 48 – 54 cm ( 1.6 – 1.8 ft ) , a tail length of 45 – 51 cm ( 1.5 – 1.7 ft ) , a total length of 93 – 105 cm ( 3.1 – 3.4 ft ) , and a weight of 5 – 6.5 kg ( 11 – 14 lb ) . As its common English name suggests , its long , white fur has a silky texture .
The system had a broad circulation amid an environment favorable for tropical cyclogenesis , including low to moderate wind shear . The circulation slowly consolidated , developing improved outflow and increasingly organized convection . At 06 : 00 UTC on May 2 , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) designated the system as a tropical depression about 850 km ( 525 mi ) west southwest of Chuuk . At 00 : 00 UTC the next day , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) classified the system as Tropical Depression 06W . The nascent tropical cyclone moved northwestward through a weakness in the subtropical ridge .
The center received $ 800,000 from Commonwealth Edison for the naming rights to the theatre for ten years before the center opened . The center had originally broken ground on what was to be called the Lou Rawls Theatre and Cultural Center , in 1993 and had accepted a $ 100,000 check from Lou Rawls 's aunt , Vivian Carter , to help fund raising efforts , during a second ground breaking in 1998 . However , by 2002 , in frustration of what should have been completed Rawls withdrew from and distanced himself from the project . Tillman insisted the delays were a function of her insistence that the project use at least 70 % African American contractors .
" Smells Like Teen Spirit " was re released as a limited edition 7 inch vinyl single in December 2011 . In an attempt to emulate a successful 2009 Facebook campaign to promote Rage Against the Machine 's song " Killing in the Name " , a similar online campaign has been launched to promote the Nirvana single to 2011 Christmas number one in the UK Singles Chart in protest at the dealings of The X Factor television series with the children 's charity Rhythmix . A similar campaign was also launched in Ireland to get the track to 2011 Christmas number one in the Irish Singles Chart .
In preparing for their roles , Hasiholan exercised slicing and dicing fish , while Rahadian went to Ancol in North Jakarta to learn about dolphins . The Mirror Never Lies uses the Bajau language heavily , with its Indonesian spoken in a Bajau accent and , in domestic screenings , Indonesian language subtitles when Bajau is spoken . The use of pre recorded music is minimal . Instead , much of the film 's soundtrack consists of " folk songs and chanting " in Bajau . Hasiholan had to undergo tutoring to learn her lines , learning from the Bajau people on location .
Stephen ordered his men to dismount and soon after they launched their attack and made battle until dawn . Descriptions of the battle say that the fire made the night equally light as the day and that many Hungarians were consumed by the flames . The two armies started to butcher each other at the gate of the city ; then the fighting continued onto the streets " with such a wrath , that nothing could be seen as more horrible than this . " The Moldavians got the upper hand of the battle and launched another attack against the royal guard , which consisted of 200 heavily armed knights , the aristocrats and Corvinus .
The Blues made their major league debut on April 24 , 1901 , with an 8 – 2 loss to the Chicago White Sox . Two other league games were canceled due to inclement weather , and the contest between the Blues and White Sox served as the inaugural game of the AL . In July of that year , McAleer presided over the Blues ' upset 6 – 1 loss to the Detroit Tigers . Although the Tigers ' manager , Tommy Burns , agreed to forfeit the game for fear that the umpire , Joe Cantillon , would be injured by an angry crowd , McAleer agreed to play the Tigers using a reserve umpire .
The beginning of the 19th century saw a rapid increase in the industrial preparation and packaging of foods . The drastic increase of additives used in these processes became a serious health concern . The production and distribution of food , instead of being one between local farmers and townspeople , increasingly became a centralized process in large factories . The proliferation of newly discovered chemicals and the absence of laws moderating their use , made it possible for unscrupulous merchants to use them to boost profits at a cost to the public health . Accum was the first to publicly proclaim the hazards of this practice and to reach a wide audience with his concerns .
Other staff were accommodated at 80 Pall Mall . COSSAC was charged with planning three operations : Operation Cockade , a deception operation to keep German forces pinned to the coast ; Operation Rankin , a plan for measures to be taken in the case of a sudden German collapse ; and Operation Overlord , a plan for a full scale assault on north western Europe . Morgan and his staff worked on the Overlord plan throughout June and the first half of July 1943 . He presented it to the Chiefs of Staff Committee on 15 July . The plan set forth in detail the conditions under which the assault could be made , the area where a landing would be feasible , and the means by which a lodgement on the continent would be developed .
When Fern moved inland , the National Weather Service issued 21 tornado warnings and numerous flood warnings . In North Beach , city buses were used to transport evacuees inland and local officials were concerned about what to do with the relief trailers used to house survivors of Hurricane Celia a year earlier . The precursor disturbance which later became Fern dropped rainfall up to 5 inches ( 130 mm ) of rainfall across South Florida . Central and Northern Florida received 1 to 3 inches ( 25 to 76 mm ) of rain . In Louisiana , after making landfall as a tropical depression , Fern produced rainfall up to 10 inches ( 250 mm ) across the southeastern part of the state , including up to 7 inches ( 180 mm ) in New Orleans .
Hersey later recalled that the notice did not bring in many usable manuscripts : " As a result of the notices in the writers ' magazines , I received a thousand manuscripts but was able to buy only ten ! " The first issue included " Wolf of the Steppes " , a werewolf story by Greye La Spina . This had been submitted to The Popular Magazine but purchased by Clancy for The Thrill Book in 1918 , when Street & Smith began making plans for the new magazine . The story was the first by La Spina , whose real name was Fanny Greye Bragg ; she would go on to publish several more stories in The Thrill Book , and later became a regular contributor to Weird Tales .
" As of 2010 , the CCAF has three staff attorneys , including Frank . The CCAF has distanced itself from other firms , sometimes called " professional objectors " , that make money by holding up class action settlements until they themselves are paid off , Whereas that practice has been criticized as doing to class action lawyers what class action lawyers are doing to companies , one commentator said that CCAF appears to be doing so as a matter of principle . According to The American Lawyer , as of March 2011 , the CCAF had filed objections to 17 settlements , with eight objections pending in federal district courts , and had been successful on six of them .
Country wide ; however , the highest total was recorded in Petacalco and La Union , with 21.8 in ( 550 mm ) being measured at both locations . The National Water Commission reported waves of up to 14 ft ( 4.3 m ) . Along the coasts of Colima and Jalisco , waves caused by Hernan were not as large , reaching 13 ft ( 3.9 m ) in height . High winds were also recorded . Because the storm made landfall in a sparsely populated area , no deaths were reported by the NHC . However , one boy was swept away in the Uxpana River and was thus reported missing .
The plan is in place . I 'm looking forward to working with a group that thinks along the same lines that I do " . Preston started the season well , beating Championship side Huddersfield Town 2 – 0 at Deepdale in the League Cup . Later on in the month , Preston went on to secure consecutive 4 – 1 home victories , beating Crystal Palace and Swindon Town respectively , as well as defeating Hartlepool United 5 – 0 a month later . However , the club went on to win just two leagues matches in a four month period from October 2012 to February 2013 .
It is ectomycorrhizally associated with several tree species and is symbiotic with them . In Europe , these include hardwood and , less frequently , conifer species . It appears most commonly under oaks , but also under beeches , chestnuts , horse chestnuts , birches , filberts , hornbeams , pines , and spruces . In other areas , A. phalloides may also be associated with these trees or with only some species and not others . In coastal California , for example , A. phalloides is associated with coast live oak , but not with the various coastal pine species , such as Monterey pine .
" Fakin ' It " was issued as a single that summer and found only modest success on AM radio ; the duo were much more focused on the rising FM format , which played album cuts and treated their music with respect . In January 1968 , the duo appeared on a Kraft Music Hall special , Three for Tonight , performing ten songs largely culled from their third album . Bookends was released by Columbia Records in April 1968 . In a historical context , this was just 24 hours before the assassination of Civil Rights Movement activist Martin Luther King , Jr .
Between the terraces is a broad open area . Numbers 1 — 32 are the western row , 33 — 64 the eastern . The lower , southern terraces were built first ( 1 — 16 and 33 — 48 ) between 1912 and 1913 . The first terraces were stone built and by 1914 — 15 were about half occupied . By the time of the 1915 — 16 valuation some of numbers 1 16 were unoccupied , just over half of numbers 33 — 48 were occupied and the newly built brick terrace of numbers 17 — 32 were also vacant .
Tubb , who sold many popular stories to Hamilton , comments that " Authors wrote for Nebula with financial reward taking secondary place ; the desire of submitting a good story being of primary importance ... the writers and the contributors felt as if Nebula was ' their ' magazine , and all that became a happy , well integrated family . " The publisher was Crownpoint Publications for the first twelve issues , though the name was dropped from the indicia starting with the December 1953 issue . From September 1955 the publisher was Peter Hamilton , who was editor throughout .
The Air Force tracks a larger UFO as it hovers over Townsend . The invisible alien enters Max 's trailer and abducts him . When the agents visit the trailer and find Max missing , an Army radio transmission reveals that he has been transported to a waterfront . They race to save Max as Henderson 's men scour the area searching for him . The alien kills two soldiers who encounter Max , causing him to flee into a warehouse . As Mulder finds Max inside , the building is surrounded by Henderson 's forces . Mulder tries to comfort Max , but is attacked and injured by the alien .
The coins were , for the most part , sold to the public by numismatic promoter Farran Zerbe , who had also vended the Louisiana Purchase Exposition dollar . As he was unable to sell much of the issue , surplus coins were melted by the Mint . The coins have continued to increase in value , and today are worth between hundreds and thousands of dollars , depending on condition . The Lewis and Clark Exposition dollar is the only American coin to be " two headed " , with a portrait of one of the expedition leaders on each side .
Coleman later explained the process of making the digital Yoda like the puppet version , by saying , " When Frank [ Oz ] would move the head , the ears would jiggle . If we hadn 't put that in , it wouldn 't look like Yoda . " Because of the acrobatics of the lightsaber fight between Count Dooku and Yoda , the then 78 year old Christopher Lee relied on a stunt double to perform the most demanding scenes instead . Lee 's face was superimposed onto the double 's body in all shots other than close ups , which he performed himself .
Norton 's funeral on Sunday , January 10 , was solemn , mournful , and large . Paying their respects were members of " ... all classes from capitalists to the pauper , the clergyman to the pickpocket , well dressed ladies and those whose garb and bearing hinted of the social outcast . " Some accounts say as many as 10,000 people lined the streets , and that the funeral cortège was two miles ( 3 km ) long . San Francisco 's total population at the time was 230,000 . Norton was buried in the Masonic Cemetery , at the expense of the City of San Francisco .
With the exception of zero ranked cards which are more expensive in terms of Card Points ( CP ) compared to other cards of the same type and have other ranks , more CP are required to place higher ranked cards in the player 's deck . Card Points — increased through level up — limit the number of cards the player can use in a deck . Cards with rank " zero " can break any opposing card or combo if played after the opposing card or combo , but they can be broken by any card or combo as well if it is played after the zero card is played .
Cave 22 Cave 22 adjoins cave 21 on the left and it was also a dwelling unit with a bench for the entire length of the back wall . A window from this hall overlooks another smaller room . An entry through a grooved door gives access to a long corridor and in the back wall of which is an inscription that discloses the name of the donor and the monastic order . Cave 23 Cave 23 has two dwelling units with a long passage with shallow niches with seating provisions on the left wall . A door provides links to the rooms .
" Black & Blue " is a blue eyed soul and electronica piano piece . According to sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group , the song is written in the time signature of common time with a moderate beat rate of 135 beats per minute . It is written in the key of A ♭ major and Wyatt 's vocal range spans the notes of E ♭ 4 to F5 . It has an A ♭ – B ♭ m – Fm7 – Gm chord progression and a verse chorus structure . Wyatt sings moody and melancholic lyrics in a " breathy " and " whispery " falsetto vocal style .
In 2008 he hosted the International Association of Prosecutors Conference in Singapore . He also assisted in the setting up of the Centre for International Law at NUS to improve international law expertise in Singapore and the region . He was Singapore 's alternate representative on the High Level Task Force for the Drafting of the ASEAN Charter , a key constitutional document for ASEAN , which was signed in November 2007 . Subsequently , he co authored a book entitled The Making of the ASEAN Charter ( 2009 ) . Woon stepped down as Attorney General on 10 April 2010 after a two year term .
Biblical scenes and figures depicted in the Church of the Holy Mother of God include the worshiping of the Christ child as the eucharistic victim ( the Melismos ) in the lower part of the apse , the raising of Lazarus , the Annunciation , Jesus ' triumphal entry into Jerusalem , Judas Iscariot 's betrayal of Jesus , the Passion of the Christ in the upper part of the cella , the Descent from the Cross , the mourning of Jesus , and the Dormition of the Theotokos on the west wall . The north and south walls of the cella , as well as the wall piers , bear frescoes of saints , including rare images of military saints on horseback .
Glass , who was Jewish , was most agreeable to this , but wondered what to do if his turn came before Como arrived . Perry thoroughly enjoyed what he was doing , saying in a 1989 interview , " I got a kick out of live television . The spontaneity was the fun of it . " Spontaneity and the ability to be himself came in handy for swimmer / actress Esther Williams ' guest appearance of March 16 , 1957 . A wardrobe malfunction meant that viewers were seeing more of Esther than 1950s television considered to be in good taste ; more live show mishaps followed .
As of 2011 , the world 's two largest working supertankers are the TI class supertankers TI Europe and TI Oceania . These ships were built in 2002 and 2003 as the Hellespont Alhambra and Hellespont Tara for the Greek Hellespont Steamship Corporation . Hellespont sold these ships to Overseas Shipholding Group and Euronav in 2004 . Each of the sister ships has a capacity of over 441,500 DWT , a length overall of 380.0 metres ( 1,246.7 ft ) and a cargo capacity of 3,166,353 barrels ( 503,409,900 l ) . They were the first ULCCs to be double hulled .
The room , with the adjoining Billiards Room , is the only reception room at Waddesdon Manor to follow the French Renaissance style of the exterior ; the other rooms are in broadly 18th century styles , and contain a magnificent collection of paintings and furniture centred on that century . The segregation of the collection was part of the concept of what has been called the " neo Kunstkammer " , adopted by some other very wealthy collectors of the period . The Renaissance Room at what is now the Wallace Collection and the collection of Sir Julius Wernher were other examples formed in England over the same period .
It was the first full length book to bear Cranmer ’ s name on the title page . The preface summarises his quarrel with Rome in a well known passage where he compared " beads , pardons , pilgrimages , and such other like popery " with weeds , but the roots of the weeds were transubstantiation , the corporeal real presence , and the sacrificial nature of the mass . Although Bucer assisted in the development of the English Reformation , he was still quite concerned about the speed of its progress . Both Bucer and Fagius had noticed that the 1549 Prayer Book was not a remarkable step forward , although Cranmer assured Bucer that it was only a first step and that its initial form was only temporary .
The Germans had instead used her as a target ship and the Allies had damaged her during an air attack on 20 February 1945 . Impero was stricken from the naval register on 27 March 1947 . The hulk was raised sometime that year and towed to Venice and beached , where she was scrapped from 1948 to 1950 . At the time of the capitulation , Impero 's hull was 88 % complete and the engines were 76 % complete , but overall the ship was only 28 % complete ; it would have required about eighteen more months of full work to be finished .
Gerp 's mouse lemur is significantly larger , weighing on average 68 gram ( 2.4 oz ) , compared to Goodman 's mouse lemur , which weighs about 44 g ( 1.6 oz ) . Jolly 's mouse lemur , which is its closest relative and a neighbor to the south , is comparably larger , but differs in tail length and genetics . Because it is a recently discovered species , little is known about its behavior , communication , ecology , or reproduction . The species appears to be restricted to a small region of lowland evergreen rain forest , and is seriously threatened by forest loss .
Prinz Eugen arrived safely at Brest , France on 1 June 1941 . No direct witnesses to this difference of opinion survived the sinking , but Matrosengefreiter ( Leading Seaman ) Heinz Staat , the helmsman on the bridge , remembered a telephone call between the First Watch Officer , Commander Hans Oels , and a fleet staff officer which suggested that Lindemann had been trying to persuade Lütjens to pursue the enemy . A messenger returning to his comrades below spoke of " dicke Luft " ( " thick air " or a " bad atmosphere " ) on the bridge .
Due to strong digital sales from the release of Animal , the song charted in the United States , the United Kingdom , and Canada before being announced as a single . After being released as a single the song reached the top ten in Canada , Australia and the United States . It has also reached the top twenty in Ireland , the United Kingdom and New Zealand . RCA noticed Kesha 's strong following on social media when negotiating her contract and thus relied on viral marketing to build a following for her debut single , " Tik Tok " offering it for free a month before releasing it for digital download .
With £ 10 million in advance ticket sales , the £ 4 million production opened at the London Palladium on 15 November 2006 to positive reviews , leading to a £ 1.1 million increase in ticket sales in one day . In January 2007 , Fisher was chosen by the London Critics ' Circle to win their award for best newcomer , sharing the prize with Andrew Garfield . Reducing her performances to six per week in March 2007 following an order to rest her voice , her run in the show was extended until 23 February 2008 , when actress Summer Strallen took over the role following a tie in with the Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks .
( Blackfeet ) , descendants of the logo designer , and the six others are members of various tribes and state that they are fans of the team and find nothing wrong with the name , or think it is positive . One of the individuals in the video is Mark One Wolf , who was reported as being born Mark E. Yancey in Washington , DC of African American and Japanese descent . Supporters note that three predominantly Native American high schools use the name Redskins for their sports teams , suggesting that it can be acceptable . However , the principal of one of these , Red Mesa High School in Teec Nos Pos , Arizona , said that use of the word outside American Indian communities should be avoided because it could perpetuate " the legacy of negativity that the term has created .
The military commander General Maxime Weygand visited the airfield on 21 May , and ordered 516 GAO to prepare to evacuate as the Germans were in the neighbouring Somme department . The following day , the order came to evacuate to Boos airfield , Rouen , Haute Normandie , but only four of the ten aircraft that departed from Saint Inglevert arrived safely at Boos . All aircraft carried as many passengers as could be accommodated . Two Potez 63 11 's and a Bloch MB.152 were abandoned at Saint Inglevert , and were destroyed to prevent their use by the enemy , as were supplies of fuel .
The television commercial for Heat was directed by Jake Nava , who previously directed Beyoncé 's videos for her singles " Crazy In Love " , " Baby Boy " , " Beautiful Liar " , " If I Were a Boy " , and " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) " . Trey Laird was the executive creative director , while Hans Dorsinville was the creative director of the video . Laird stated that the main theme of the commercial was that Beyoncé should appear " sexy and a little bit dangerous " , but in a " sophisticated and elegant way " .
Pit stops took place during the caution , with Carpentier , Bräck , and Andretti still in the top three positions . Green flag racing resumed on lap 70 , and Kanaan began moving toward the front of the field ; he passed Andretti for third place on lap 73 , and took second from Bräck four laps later . The second caution of the race occurred on lap 80 , when Junqueira and Tora Takagi collided ; Tagaki spun off the track , but was able to continue . Andretti and Franchitti pitted during the caution , and the green flag came out on lap 85 .
" Isis releases have always had a thematic basis ; as Andrew Rennie dissects , " Isis 's four previous full lengths have clear story arcs , but Wavering Radiant 's themes are open to interpretation , giving it added appeal . " Over time , Turner has become reluctant to divulge the thematic particulars of any given album and on Wavering Radiant he has been equivocal . The act of explaining the thematic basis of an album erodes Turner 's " connection " with the music , and he has spoken of how that relationship is something he " wishes to preserve " .
The amount of radioactive exposure received during a one hour visit to the site is about half of the total radiation exposure which a U.S. adult receives on an average day from natural and medical sources . On December 21 , 1965 , the 51,500 acre ( 20,800 ha ) Trinity Site was declared a National Historic Landmark district , and on October 15 , 1966 , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The landmark includes the base camp , where the scientists and support group lived ; ground zero , where the bomb was placed for the explosion ; and the McDonald ranch house , where the plutonium core to the bomb was assembled .
Ximena ( Tragedy , 28 November 1712 ) Venus and Adonis ( Masque , 12 March 1715 ) Myrtillo ( Pastoral , 5 November 1715 ) The Non Juror ( Comedy , 6 December 1717 ) The Refusal ( Comedy , 14 February 1721 ) Cæsar in Egypt ( Tragedy , 9 December 1724 ) The Provoked Husband ( with Vanbrugh , comedy , 10 January 1728 ) Love in a Riddle ( Pastoral , 7 January 1729 ) Damon and Phillida ( Pastoral Farce , Haymarket , 16 August 1729 ) Papal Tyranny in the Reign of King John ( Tragedy , Covent Garden , 15 February 1745 ) Bulls and Bears , a farce performed at Drury Lane on 2 December 1715 , was attributed to Cibber but was never published .
Barfi ! earned ₹ 150 million ( US $ 2.2 million ) in its second weekend . Barfi ! had a good second week where it has collected ₹ 242 million ( US $ 3.6 million ) nett . In the third week , the film 's takings rose to ₹ 158 million ( US $ 2.3 million ) nett. and it took ₹ 61.5 million ( US $ 910,000 ) in its fourth week . During its cinematic release period , Barfi ! earned a gross total of ₹ 1.06 billion ( US $ 16 million ) in India .
It was written by Jonathan " J.R. " Rotem , E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb , with production was handled by Rotem , Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers . It was released on February 14 , 2006 , as the lead single from the album . " SOS " is a dance song which samples taken from Soft Cell 's 1981 recording of " Tainted Love " , a song written by Cobb in 1965 . Critical reception of " SOS " was generally positive , with the majority of music critics praising the inclusion of the " Tainted Love " sample .
After staying past his initial ten day reservation , he was asked to leave in December so that the resort could accommodate the high rollers who were expected for New Year 's Eve . Instead of leaving , Hughes started negotiations to buy the Desert Inn . On March 27 , 1967 , Hughes purchased the resort from Dalitz for $ 6.2 million in cash and $ 7 million in loans . This was the first of many Las Vegas resort purchases by Hughes , including the Sands Hotel and Casino ( $ 14.6 million ) and the Frontier Hotel and Casino ( $ 23 million ) .
The priests catch the snake and prepare to kill her , but are stopped by the goddess Kwan Im , who tells the stunned pursuers that the snake is pregnant and thus must not be killed . A month after the snake gives birth , the priests return . The snake woman gives her child to Khouw and then surrenders herself to her fate . She is captured in a magical jar and brought away . Ouw Peh Tjoa was directed and produced by The Teng Chun for his company , Cino Motion Pictures . Since releasing Sam Pek Eng Tay in 1931 , based on the legend of the Butterfly Lovers , The Teng Chun had released a series of films based on Chinese legends and folktales , including Pat Bie To ( Eight Beautiful Women ; 1932 ) and Pat Kiam Hiap ( Eight Swordsmen ; 1933 ) .
In addition , most teachers cannot identify the students in their classes who have been personally affected by the epidemic , either through friends or relatives , which suggests that school based support for HIV / AIDS is minimal . However , despite this lack of support , surveys indicate that children who have been affected by the epidemic do not usually experience HIV / AIDS based discrimination at school . Most teachers are required to address HIV / AIDS in their curricula ; although instructors are , for the most part , committed to helping their students understand and avoid the disease , they face many obstacles that prevent them from informing their students about HIV / AIDS in productive ways .
The station is on the District line and is the penultimate station on the eastern extremity of that line . The station was opened on 17 December 1934 by the London , Midland and Scottish Railway on the local electrified tracks between Upminster and Barking that were constructed in 1932 . The main station building is of a distinctive polygonal design . It has relatively low usage for a suburban station with approximately 1 million entries and exits during 2011 . The London , Tilbury and Southend Railway from Fenchurch Street and Barking was constructed through the Upminster Bridge area in 1885 , with stations at Hornchurch and Upminster .
At SummerSlam 1992 in August , The Undertaker defeated Kamala . Harvey Wippleman , Kamala 's manager wanted revenge , so a rematch was scheduled for Survivor Series . The match was promoted as the WWF 's first coffin match , in which the winner would place the loser in a coffin after the match . The WWF also planned a match featuring The British Bulldog defending the WWF Intercontinental Championship against The Mountie at Survivor Series . The WWF released Smith due to steroid allegations , however , and he was made to drop the title belt to Shawn Michaels on the November 14 episode of Saturday Night 's Main Event .
Whilst aircraft contribute to the problem the study states that " … cars , buses and taxis ferrying passengers to and from these sites are dominant sources of pollution . " Birmingham airport dismissed the findings , asserting that the results were skewed by M42 motorway traffic unrelated to the airport , whilst studies at Southampton Airport attribute 5.55 per cent of total pollutants to airport activities , the majority of the remainder being generated by non airport related road traffic . The government recognises Heathrow as the only UK airport where national and European air quality limits are being exceeded .
He declines , and tells her they 'll be " Friends Forever . " Ms. Miller interrupts them , afraid about her upcoming surgery , and asks , " What 's Going to Happen ? " The staff , led by Dr. Cox reassure her that she will be fine ; she finally gets calm and the staff stays by her side when she 's taken to surgery ; the staff repeats she will be fine , which J.D. qualifies with " we hope , " as she goes under anesthesia . When she awakes , she asks Dr. Cox if the surgery works , but Cox replies " you 're gonna have to tell us " , and they take a step back ; Ms. Miller realized that the surgery was a success , she no longer hears singing , and thanks Dr. Cox and the others .
Partway through the voyage , the ship struck an iceberg and sank in the early morning of 15 April 1912 , resulting in the deaths of over 1,500 people , including approximately 815 of the passengers . The Titanic 's passengers were divided into three separate classes , determined not only by the price of their ticket but by wealth and social class : those travelling in first class , most of them the wealthiest passengers on board , included prominent members of the upper class , businessmen , politicians , high ranking military personnel , industrialists , bankers , entertainers , socialites , and professional athletes .
North of Lough Derg , the River Shannon has a very shallow gradient and regularly floods parts of the surrounding countryside . The resultant wet grassland area , known as the Shannon Callows , is an internationally recognised wild bird and wildlife habitat and is classified as a Special Area of Conservation . The country on either side of the Shannon in the Offaly Galway area has been described as " reminiscent of the Fens , cut off and intersected by waterways , by the wide meandering Shannon itself , by its tributaries , the Suck , the Brosna and the Little Brosna and by the Grand Canal ; traversed by a maze of narrow roads .
The Cambridge Agreement , which enabled the emigrating shareholders to buy out those that remained behind , may have been written by Dudley . In October 1629 John Winthrop was elected governor , and John Humphrey was chosen as his deputy . However , as the fleet was preparing to sail in March 1630 , Humphrey decided he would not leave England immediately , and Dudley was chosen as deputy governor in his place . Dudley and his family sailed for the New World on the Arbella , the flagship of the Winthrop Fleet , on 8 April 1630 and arrived in Salem Harbour on 22 June .
At 1125 the requested airstrike came in ; American aircraft rocketed the T 34s to no effect while strafing the Korean forces attacking A Company . The aircraft were able to push back the attack for several minutes before running out of ammunition and being forced to leave . The North Korean troops immediately resumed their assault . One of A Company 's platoons , under the command of Lieutenant Ray Bixler , faced most of the pressure of the North Korean assault . Tank fire had destroyed the American wire communications to their artillery , which began to fall on their own positions in the belief that they had been overrun with North Koreans , before Stephens was able to call it off .
The military were opposed to reorganisation , including an increase in regional autonomy granted by the central government , and reforms to improve efficiency were seen as a direct attack . Officers were retired and a thousand had their promotions reviewed , including Francisco Franco , who served as director of the General Military Academy in Zaragoza , which was closed by Manuel Azaña . A new constitution was approved on 9 December 1931 . The first draft , prepared by Ángel Ossorio y Gallardo and others , was rejected , and a much more daring text creating a " democratic republic of workers of every class " was promulgated .
Most of these guns were placed on the broadside , but two of the 164 mm guns were mounted in an armored bunker forward and a third was placed in a similar mount at the stern , as chase guns . The ships were also fitted with a ram bow that was 3 m ( 9.8 ft ) long . In 1871 , all four ships were re armed with two 220 mm ( 8.7 in ) muzzle loading guns and eight 8 in muzzle loading guns , with a ninth 8 in gun added in 1880 . Regina Maria Pia and San Martino were later re equipped with eight 6 in ( 150 mm ) quick firing ( QF ) guns , five 4.7 in ( 120 mm ) QF guns , four 57 mm ( 2.2 in ) QF guns , and eight 37 mm ( 1.5 in ) Hotchkiss revolver cannon .
With 72 points over 45 games in 1995 – 96 , Morrison received his first of back to back CCHA Player of the Year awards . He added 15 points in 7 post season games to capture his second CCHA championship with the Wolverines . Advancing to the 1996 NCAA Tournament , Michigan advanced to the final against the Colorado College Tigers . Morrison scored the championship winning goal 3 : 35 into overtime to win the game 3 – 2 . It was the Wolverines ' first national title in 32 years . Michigan 's championship winning team that year included five future NHL players — Morrison , Botterill , Blake Sloan , John Madden , Marty Turco and Bill Muckalt .
Bell enrolled at Southern University in 2009 . In 2011 , Bell played in two games with the Southern Jaguars football team . On May 22 , 2010 , Mychal Bell was arrested and charged with simple battery after an incident at a Jena barber shop . According to the arresting officers , after being read his Miranda rights , Bell told them that he attacked the man for " running his mouth " . Bell said he punched the victim in the face , put him in a headlock and rammed his head into a table . On Dec. 13 , 2014 , according to a tweet , Mychal Bell graduated from Southern University with a bachelor 's degree in education interdisciplinary studies .
In October 1875 , Wanderers travelled to Scotland for the first time , to play a match against the leading team from north of the border , Queen 's Park . Despite fielding their strongest team , Wanderers were outclassed by the Scots and lost 5 – 0 . The London club gained its revenge four months later , however , when Queen 's Park travelled to London for a re match and lost 2 – 0 . This was the first match the Glasgow club , which had been formed nine years earlier , had ever lost . Wanderers reached the semi finals of the FA Cup without conceding a goal and then defeated Swifts to set up a final against Old Etonians .
Those three ... designed the manner and style in which New York artists would address what Snoop and Dre had made rap 's hottest topics : drugs and violence . " Similarly , Duke University Professor , Mark Anthony Neal , writes , “ Nas was at the forefront of a renaissance of East Coast hip hop ” in which “ ... a distinct East Coast style of so called gangsta rap appeared , ” as heard in similarly styled recordings such as Wu Tang Clan 's “ C.R.E.A.M. ” and Notorious B.I.G. ' s " Everyday Struggle " . According to Steve Huey of Allmusic , while Illmatic contains strong elements of jazz rap , it nonetheless signaled a major regional shift towards hardcore aesthetics , marking " the beginning of a shift away from Native Tongues inspired alternative rap .
Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle remarked that the film was " a rare reminder from movies that the grand emotions are not only for the young and the middle aged " , citing it " too well made to be dismissed and contains too much truth to be scorned . " Roger Ebert , writing for the Chicago Sun Times , gave The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel three and a half out of four stars . He declared the film " a charming , funny and heartwarming movie [ and ] a smoothly crafted entertainment that makes good use of seven superb veterans .
On average , a plane would land or take off every two minutes . The situation was further complicated by the fact that there was no room on ramps for planes to unload their cargo , and some planes did not have enough fuel to leave . While the Port au Prince airport ramp has spaces for over a dozen airliners , in the days following the quake it sometimes served nearly 40 at once , creating serious delays . The supply backup at the airport was expected to ease as the apron management improved , and when the perceived need for heavy security diminished .
) Almond asked the legislature to repeal all aspects of the Stanley plan which had been overturned by the courts , repeal the state 's compulsory school attendance law , adopt a $ 3 million tuition grant program to allow students to attend segregated private schools of their choice , and strengthen the penalty for threatening to bomb a church , school , or other meeting place . Almond also announced a study of Section 129 of the Virginia Constitution , a political gesture that was never seriously pursued . Almond 's program became known by some as " passive resistance " and " freedom of choice " ( although it is also sometimes called " tokenism " or " containment " ) , a legislative approach intended to shift Virginia toward desegregation in the face of a hostile electorate .
The current dome is a 1977 renovation in thin reinforced concrete . The largest centrally planned Early Christian church , Milan 's domed San Lorenzo Maggiore , was built in the middle of the 4th century while that city served as the capital of the Western Empire . There are two theories about the shape of this dome : a Byzantine style dome on spherical pendentives with a ring of windows similar to domes of the later Justinian era , or an octagonal cloister vault following Roman trends and like the vaulting over the site 's contemporary chapel of Saint Aquiline , possibly built with vaulting tubes , pieces of which had been found in excavations .
Although Chemical was the acquiring company and the nominal survivor , the merged bank adopted the Chase name , which was considered to be better known , particularly internationally . Chase , which at its height had been the largest bank in the U.S. , had fallen to sixth , while Chemical was the third largest bank at the time of the merger . The merger resulted in the reduction of more than 12,000 jobs between the two banks and merger related expenses of approximately $ 1.9 billion . The bank continued to operate under the Chase brand until its acquisition of J.P. Morgan & Co. in December 2000 to form JPMorgan Chase & Co .
Polish organizations were banned , and the Czechoslovak authorities carried out many arrests and dismissed many Poles from work . The situation had somewhat improved when the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia took power in February 1948 . Polish property deprived by the German occupants during the war was never returned . As to the Catholic parishes in Zaolzie pertaining to the Archdiocese of Breslau Archbishop Bertram , then residing in the episcopal Jánský vrch castle in Czechoslovak Javorník ( Jauernig ) , appointed František Onderek ( 1888 – 1962 ) as vicar general for the Czechoslovak portion of the Archdiocese of Breslau on 21 June 1945 .
Such areas are identified by local authorities according to criteria defined by Sections 69 and 70 of the Planning ( Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas ) Act 1990 . On 4 July 2008 , 4.05 acres ( 1.64 ha ) at the heart of Carlton Hill was designated as the city of Brighton and Hove 's 34th conservation area . Its boundaries are ( clockwise from north ) Sussex Street , St John 's Place , Carlton Hill ( including the stub of Mighell Street ) and Tilbury Place , with the open space of Tarner Park at the centre .
More than 3,000 square kilometres ( 1,200 sq mi ) of crops , mostly rice , were damaged or washed away by the floodwaters . There were also reports of heavy losses of poultry and livestock , and nearly 13 km ² ( 5 sq mi ) of aquaculture and 786 fishing boats were lost . The remnants of Xangsane moved over Thailand on October 2 and combined with monsoonal moisture over the north central part of the country , causing torrential rains and severe flooding in over 35 provinces . Floodwaters broke through levees and barriers and flooded or damaged nearly 1.3 million rai ( 2,100 km ² , 520,000 acres ) of farmland and local infrastructure .
The Wardeux family was that of Edward Dalyngrigge 's wife ; the Radyndens were relations of the Dalyngrigges . Above the arms is a helm bearing a unicorn head crest . Three coats of arms also decorate the postern gate ; the central arms is that of Sir Robert Knolles , who Edward Dalyngrigge had fought for in the Hundred Years ' War , but those flanking it are blank . Although the exterior of Bodiam Castle has largely survived , the interior is ruinous . The domestic buildings within the castle lined the curtain walls . However , remains are substantial enough to recreate a plan of the castle .
He finished the series with 198 runs at 28.28 , and ended the season with 1,254 first class runs at 32.15 . MacLaren took a new job with a wine merchant which allowed him to complete a full season in 1903 . Wet weather caused many difficult pitches for batting , and MacLaren was often the only Lancashire batsman able to cope with the conditions . His highest profile success came when he captained the Gentlemen against the Players at Lord 's . When his team faced defeat on the final day on a difficult pitch , he scored 168 not out and shared a partnership of 309 with C. B. Fry in less than three hours .
The commission recommended a steel cantilever bridge designed by Fowler and Benjamin Baker , which was constructed between 1883 and 1890 . To avoid problems with smoke and steam overwhelming staff and passengers on the covered sections of the Metropolitan Railway , Fowler proposed a fireless locomotive . The locomotive was built by Robert Stephenson and Company and was a broad gauge 2 4 0 tender engine . The boiler had a normal firebox connected to a large combustion chamber containing fire bricks which were to act as a heat reservoir . The combustion chamber was linked to the smokebox through a set of very short firetubes .
Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong ; Tommy Koh , Ambassador at Large ; and Justice Chao Hick Tin , then Attorney General of Singapore , who appeared as counsel and advocates for Singapore , would respectively be awarded the Darjah Utama Temasek ( Order of Temasek ) ( Second Class ) , the Darjah Utama Nila Utama ( Order of Nila Utama ) ( First Class ) , and the Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang ( Distinguished Service Order ) . The Pingat Jasa Gemilang ( Meritorius Service Medal ) would be conferred on Sivakant Tiwari s / o Thakurprasad Tiwari , Special Consultant to the International Affairs Division of the Attorney General 's Chambers .
Favourable macroeconomic performance has been a necessary but not sufficient condition for the significant reduction of poverty amongst the Indian population . The rate of poverty decline has not been higher in the post reform period ( since 1991 ) . The improvements in some other non economic dimensions of social development have been even less favourable . The most pronounced example is an exceptionally high and persistent level of child malnutrition ( 46 % in 2005 – 6 ) . The progress of economic reforms in India is followed closely . The World Bank suggests that the most important priorities are public sector reform , infrastructure , agricultural and rural development , removal of labour regulations , reforms in lagging states , and HIV / AIDS .
In addition , Congress has designated specific sections of the Crooked , Deschutes , Donner und Blitzen , Malheur , and Owyhee rivers as part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System . Agriculture is the largest industry in the region . Livestock ranches utilize large tracts of private and government land for grazing . Ranchers raise cattle and sheep in many parts of the region . Because of low rainfall , most crops require irrigation . Agricultural crops include alfalfa and other hay crops , wheat , oats , barley , potatoes , onions , sugar beets , and mint .
Throughout the match , all five men gained an advantage over one another at one or more spots . One spot in the match saw Lashley dive over the top rope onto the other four competitors . Towards the end of the match , Cena executed an FU on Lashley through an announce table . Cena won the match and retained the title after pinning Foley following an FU . Chavo Guerrero went on to defend the WWE Cruiserweight Championship in a Cruiserweight Open at The Great American Bash against Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , Funaki , and Shannon Moore .
During the 1986 presidential elections , Ople served as a political campaign manager of President Marcos , who was running against Corazon Aquino . Shortly before the outbreak of the 1986 People Power Revolution , Marcos dispatched Ople to Washington D.C. to lobby the American government on behalf of the President . Ople was in Washington D.C. upon the outbreak of the revolt , and was advised by U.S. Secretary of State , George P. Shultz , to call on Marcos to resign . Ople publicly reiterated his support for Marcos in the American media in such fora as on This Week with David Brinkley .
These include the horned viper of Africa and the sidewinder of North America , evolutionarily distinct but with similar behavioural patterns because of convergent evolution . Many desert reptiles are ambush predators and often bury themselves in the sand , waiting for prey to come within range . Amphibians might seem unlikely desert dwellers , because of their need to keep their skins moist and their dependence on water for reproductive purposes . In fact , the few species that are found in this habitat have made some remarkable adaptations . Most of them are fossorial , spending the hot dry months aestivating in deep burrows .
The church is also used once a month by the British Orthodox Church . The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building for its architectural and historical importance . Historians have disagreed about its age , and the existence of an older church on the same site . The tower has been dated by its architecture to between 1230 and 1240 , but other historians question this date and suggest the tower and the body of the church both date to the 14th century . The porch appears to be a 17th century addition .
All of the major state rooms have symmetrical walls , even where this involves matching real with false doors . The major rooms also have elaborate white and multi coloured marble fireplaces , most with carvings and sculpture , mainly the work of Thomas Carter , though Joseph Pickford carved the fireplace in the Statue Gallery . Much of the furniture in the state rooms was also designed by William Kent , in a stately classicising baroque manner . So restrained is the interior decoration of the state rooms , or in the words of James Lees Milne , " chaste " , that the smaller , more intimate rooms in the family 's private south west wing were decorated in similar vein , without being overpowering .
Later in 1902 , May once again moved , this time further west to the town of Edmonton , in the North West Territory . Upon his arrival there , he would purchase several lots of land on which he would construct a series of cottages , houses and terraces that he would later sell . In Edmonton , he would establish himself as a prominent contractor , building many notable early buildings of the town , and later city . He partnered with Charles W. Sharpe and established the May Sharpe Construction company . With his firm , buildings he was involved in constructing included the town 's first Canadian Northern Railway station , a post office , the Bank of Montreal , Merchants ' Bank and Bank of Commerce buildings , the Hudson 's Bay Company store , the first provincial penitentiary building , and the residences of city notables Richard Secord , Frank Oliver and Edward Ainslie Braithwaite .
Seven plays later , Alabama took a 21 – 0 lead when Christion Jones caught a 22 yard McCarron touchdown pass . Each team then traded punts until halftime . WKU opened the third quarter on offense , and three plays later Jakes threw an interception to Deion Belue that was returned to the Hilltoppers ' 25 yard line . Two plays after a face mask penalty brought the ball to the 12 yard line , McCarron connected with Norwood for a 12 yard touchdown reception and a 28 – 0 lead . The teams again traded punts late into the fourth quarter when Kenyan Drake scored on a 32 yard run to cap a 12 play , 81 yard drive that made the final score 35 – 0 .
The generating capacity of the power station at Neasden was increased to approximately 35 MW and on 5 January 1925 electric services reached Rickmansworth , allowing the locomotive change over point to be moved . In 1924 and 1925 , the British Empire Exhibition was held on the Wembley Park Estate and the adjacent Wembley Park station was rebuilt with a new island platform with a covered bridge linking to the exhibition . The Met exhibited an electric multiple unit car in 1924 , which returned the following year with electric locomotive No. 15 , subsequently to be named " Wembley 1924 " .
According to Wavell , " an assault on a portion of the Gaza defences was to be made by the XXI Corps . " The date of this attack , which was primarily a feint , was scheduled for between 24 and 48 hours before the attack on Sheria . Meanwhile , preparations for the main attacks on the Gaza line at Hareira and Sharia , began on 1 November when the 53rd ( Welsh ) Division , with the Imperial Camel Brigade on the right , advanced northwards to occupy a line 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) to the west without opposition .
Each lineage of B cell expresses a different antibody , so the complete set of B cell antigen receptors represent all the antibodies that the body can manufacture . Killer T cells are a sub group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional . As with B cells , each type of T cell recognizes a different antigen . Killer T cells are activated when their T cell receptor ( TCR ) binds to this specific antigen in a complex with the MHC Class I receptor of another cell .
On 8 March , the Dutch surrendered , ordering all men to lay down their arms . With supplies running low and unable to contact the Australian Government , Brigadier Blackburn announced the surrender of Blackforce four days later . Peeler and his fellow soldiers thus became prisoners of war . At the time , he was one of three Australian Victoria Cross recipients of the First World War serving overseas , all of whom were " swept up in the Japanese advance " ; Blackburn surrendered with Peeler at Java , while Walter Brown was caught up in the fall of Singapore , where he is believed to have been killed attempting to evade capture .
The critical masses of two other readily available isotopes , 241Am and 243Am , are relatively high – 57.6 to 75.6 kg for 241Am and 209 kg for 243Am . Scarcity and high price yet hinder application of americium as a nuclear fuel in nuclear reactors . There are proposals of very compact 10 kW high flux reactors using as little as 20 grams of 242mAm . Such low power reactors would be relatively safe to use as neutron sources for radiation therapy in hospitals . About 19 isotopes and 8 nuclear isomers are known for americium . There are two long lived alpha emitters , 241Am and 243Am with half lives of 432.2 and 7,370 years , respectively , and the nuclear isomer 242m1Am has a long half life of 141 years .
William Bennet ( d . 1826 ) John Hodgkinson Benjamin Outram ( 1764 – 1805 ) John Rennie ( 1761 – 1821 ) William Smith ( 1769 – 1839 ) John Sutcliffe Robert Weldon ( ? 1754 – 1810 ) Robert Whitworth ( d . 1799 ) Data from Jim Shead 's Waterways Information . The fall over the route is 135 ft ( 41 m ) , which meant problems with supplying adequate water . The Cam brook was an inadequate source of water above Camerton , and the mills along it had water rights . Each narrow boat travelling through the series of locks ( 22 of them each 6 ft ( 1.8 m ) deep ) with a 25 ton load of coal caused 85 tons of water to be discharged into the brook below the locks .
On September 8 , 2013 , the cane toad was also discovered on the island of New Providence in the Bahamas . The cane toad was first introduced deliberately into the Philippines in 1930 as a biological control agent of pests in sugarcane plantations . This was done after the success of the experimental introductions into Puerto Rico . It subsequently became the most ubiquitous amphibian in the islands . It still retains the common name of bakî or kamprag in the Visayan languages , a corruption of ' American frog ' , referring to its origins . It is also commonly known as " bullfrog " in Philippine English .
The amount of music that needed remixing was very large , consisting of over 100 tracks . The majority of remixing was to add subtle effects to tracks that could not be included for the original version . Due to player feedback about the music for the Persona port , the team included the option to switch to the original versions . The new opening 's theme song , " Unbreakable Tie " , was written by Japanese hip hop artist and long time collaborator Lotus Juice and sung by J pop singer Asami Izawa . In its year of release , Innocent Sin reached # 62 in the Japanese sales charts , selling 274,798 copies .
Until July 1880 , he was still making appearances in Parliament to deliver speeches , but after that date he no longer attended . Rio Branco still kept a close watch on political developments , however , and continued to appear at meetings of the Council of State . He had already retired from teaching in 1877 . Until 30 October , he was still capable of speaking unhindered . His doctors performed several surgeries to no avail , and the cancer spread to his throat . One night , he suffered an agonizing attack of meningitis . In a fever induced delirium , Rio Branco said : " Do not disturb Slavery 's march [ toward its doom ] .
The first part of the book covered the major scientific and technical advances of the century ; the second part covered what Wallace considered to be its social failures including : the destruction and waste of wars and arms races , the rise of the urban poor and the dangerous conditions in which they lived and worked , a harsh criminal justice system that failed to reform criminals , abuses in a mental health system based on privately owned sanatoriums , the environmental damage caused by capitalism , and the evils of European colonialism . Wallace continued his social activism for the rest of his life , publishing the book The Revolt of Democracy just weeks before his death .
Accordingly , with a small quantity of " nicks " , a shopper could make purchases with exact change , without receiving such makeshifts as merchants ' credit slips , that others might not accept at the stated value . By 1863 , The Bankers ' Magazine reported that the premium for cents in Philadelphia had risen to 20 % . Thereafter , the premium decreased as there was a flood of metal tokens issued by merchants , which were widely accepted . Other war expedients , such as fractional currency , lessened the demand for the cent by taking the place of missing silver coinage .
Covici suggested a 15 – 20 % share of the royalties as a recompense ; but Ed Jr . , knowing that the narrative was largely Ricketts ' own , insisted on 25 % . With the copyright secured , Ricketts ' name was dropped from the cover , though the title page acknowledged that the book was " the narrative portion of the Sea of Cortez by John Steinbeck and E.F. Ricketts " , and throughout his life , Steinbeck insisted on referring to the work as a collaboration . The republished narrative is unchanged from the original published in Sea of Cortez .
In Sonora , Mexico , eagles have been observed nesting on top of Hecho catcuses ( Pachycereus pectinaboriginum ) . Nests located on cliffs and rock pinnacles have been reported historically in California , Kansas , Nevada , New Mexico and Utah , but currently are only verified to occur only in Alaska and Arizona . The eggs average about 73 mm ( 2.9 in ) long , ranging from 58 to 85 mm ( 2.3 to 3.3 in ) , and have a breadth of 54 mm ( 2.1 in ) , ranging from 47 to 63 cm ( 19 to 25 in ) .
The first was Merseybeat , which ran from 2001 but was cancelled in 2004 due to poor ratings and problems with the cast . The second , HolbyBlue , launched in 2007 , was a spin off of successful medical drama Holby City ( itself a spin off of the long running Casualty ) . It was scheduled to go " head to head " with The Bill , prompting a brief " ratings war " , however HolbyBlue was also cancelled by the BBC in 2008 , again , largely due to poor ratings . When The Bill started , the majority of the Police Federation were opposed to the programme , claiming that it portrayed the police as a racist organisation , however , feelings towards the programme have now mellowed to the extent that Executive Producer Johnathan Young met with Sir Ian Blair , then Commissioner of the Met in 2006 and it was decided that the editorial relationship between the police and the programme was sufficient .
" There is some evidence that Terminus ' associations could extend from property boundaries to limits more generally . Under the Republican calendar , when the intercalary month Mercedonius was added to a year , it was placed after February 23 or February 24 , and some ancient writers believed that the Terminalia on February 23 had once been the end of the year . Diocletian 's decision in 303 AD to initiate his persecution of Christians on February 23 has been seen as an attempt at enlisting Terminus " to put a limit to the progress of Christianity " .
In addition , if the motion was a senatus consultum , a capital letter " C " was stamped on the document , to verify that the motion had been approved by the Senate . The document was then deposited in the temple that housed the Treasury ( the aerarium ) . While a senatus auctoritas ( vetoed Senate motion ) had no legal value , it did serve to show the opinion of the Senate . If a senatus consultum conflicted with a law ( lex ) that was passed by a Roman Assembly , the law overrode the senatus consultum , because the senatus consultum had its authority based in precedent , and not in law .
The American subspecies B. g. pallidiceps has more colouring on the cheeks and forehead than the nominate form and is otherwise generally duller in appearance . The range of the Bohemian waxwing overlaps those of both the other members of the genus . The cedar waxwing is smaller than the Bohemian ; it has browner upperparts , a white undertail and a white line above the black eye patch . Adult cedar waxwings have a yellowish belly , and all ages have less strongly patterned wings than the Bohemian waxwing . The Japanese waxwing is easily distinguished from its relatives ; it has a red terminal band to the tail , the black mask extends up the rear of the crest , and there is no yellow stripe or red tips on the wings .
I ... want to see these treasures kept here so local people and schoolchildren can view them as part of their local heritage and as an aid to their understanding of the past . " The Culture Minister , Margaret Hodge , confirmed in a House of Commons debate that the British Museum would not object to Kirkleatham acquiring the finds . The Teesside coroner held an inquest on 12 October 2008 that found that the finds were treasure trove under the terms of the Treasure Act 1996 . The rules of treasure trove require that a panel of experts determine the market value of a find , half of which is paid to the finder and the other half to the landowner .
It was playable at the company 's E3 booth . European and Australian releases were announced on later dates . The game was originally unintended for release outside Japan , but was localized by Capcom due to positive fan reception . Tatsunoko Production assisted Capcom with its character licensing issues ; while Tatsunoko Production holds such rights in Japan , they are licensed to companies such as Time Warner in other countries . Niitsuma said that acquiring character licenses was difficult , as it was largely done one at a time , and characters cleared in North America had to be checked separately in Europe .
Historically the Barnard Run was a seven mile course which began at Towler Hill Farm , ran to Cotherstone suspension bridge , with an undetermined route back to the school . In 1898 a 4 mile junior Barnard Run was created for 11- to 14 year olds . In 1904 it was decided that it would be easier for training purposes if the run began at the school , and a new course was developed . The Junior Officers ' Training Corps was established at the school in 1909 following an invitation from Lord Haldane , then Secretary of State for War .
Pascal was given a third opportunity to film Shaw 's work with Caesar and Cleopatra ( 1945 ) . It cost three times its original budget and was rated " the biggest financial failure in the history of British cinema " . The film was poorly received by British critics , although American reviews were friendlier . Shaw thought its lavishness nullified the drama , and he considered the film " a poor imitation of Cecil B. de Mille " . In 1946 , the year of Shaw 's ninetieth birthday , he accepted the freedom of Dublin and became the first honorary freeman of the borough of St Pancras , London .
New Horizons observations showed that atmospheric escape of nitrogen to be 10,000 times less than expected . Alan Stern has contended that even a small increase in Pluto 's surface temperature can lead to exponential increases in Pluto 's atmospheric density ; from 18 to as much as 280 millibars ( three times that of Mars to a quarter that of the Earth ) . At such densities , nitrogen could flow across the surface as liquid . Just like sweat cools the body as it evaporates from the skin , the sublimation of Pluto 's atmosphere cools its surface .
On May 29 , 2012 , U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Dylan a Presidential Medal of Freedom in the White House . At the ceremony , Obama praised Dylan 's voice for its " unique gravelly power that redefined not just what music sounded like but the message it carried and how it made people feel " . On September 11 , 2012 , Dylan released his 35th studio album , Tempest . The album features a tribute to John Lennon , " Roll On John " , and the title track is a 14 minute song about the sinking of the Titanic .
The Basques suffered most from the lack of a suitable air force . On 26 April , the Condor Legion bombed the town of Guernica , killing 200 – 300 and causing significant damage . The destruction had a significant effect on international opinion . The Basques retreated . April and May saw the May Days , infighting among Republican groups in Catalonia . The dispute was between an ultimately victorious government – Communist forces and the anarchist CNT . The disturbance pleased Nationalist command , but little was done to exploit Republican divisions . After the fall of Guernica , the Republican government began to fight back with increasing effectiveness .
It was built on a wealthy former Anglo Saxon estate by Bishop Odo of Bayeux following the Norman conquest of England in 1066 . Odo constructed a large castle with two earthwork baileys and a central motte , intending that the castle administer his property in the region and provide a substantial military base in the event of an Anglo Saxon revolt . Odo 's estates in England were seized following a failed rebellion against William II in 1088 , and Deddington Castle was taken back into royal control . The Anglo Norman lord William de Chesney acquired the castle in the 12th century and rebuilt it in stone , raising a stone curtain wall around a new inner bailey , complete with a defensive tower , gatehouse and domestic buildings .
The governments of Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and Venezuela met in Baghdad to discuss ways to increase the price of crude oil produced by their countries , and ways to respond to unilateral actions by the MOCs . Despite strong US opposition : " Together with Arab and non Arab producers , Saudi Arabia formed the Organization of Petroleum Export Countries ( OPEC ) to secure the best price available from the major oil corporations . " The Middle Eastern members originally called for OPEC headquarters to be in Baghdad or Beirut , but Venezuela argued for a neutral location , and so Geneva , Switzerland was chosen .
In 2004 , following the death of Brian Clough , Robson briefly stood in for Clough as a columnist at FourFourTwo magazine , and from 2004 onwards wrote a weekly column for The Mail on Sunday . Robson defeated bowel cancer in 1992 , a malignant melanoma in 1995 , and a tumour in his right lung and a brain tumour , both in 2006 . Treatment of these conditions had left him partially paralysed due to a stroke caused by the brain tumour , and also with a partially prosthetic upper jaw after the melanoma was surgically removed . His fifth diagnosis of cancer in 2007 , consisting of cancerous nodules in both lungs , was diagnosed as terminal in February 2007 , and as of December 2008 was being controlled through bouts of chemotherapy .
" In Gallup polls of January 1954 , 50 % of those polled had a positive opinion of McCarthy . In June , that number had fallen to 34 % . In the same polls , those with a negative opinion of McCarthy increased from 29 % to 45 % . An increasing number of Republicans and conservatives were coming to see McCarthy as a liability to the party and to anti communism . Congressman George H. Bender noted , " There is a growing impatience with the Republican Party . McCarthyism has become a synonym for witch hunting , Star Chamber methods , and the denial of ... civil liberties .
Barcelona , also of La Liga , entered the tournament in the last 32 against a Segunda División B club , Huesca . The first leg was in Aragon at the Estadio El Alcoraz on 3 December 2014 , and Barcelona won 4 – 0 with goals from Ivan Rakitić , Andrés Iniesta , Pedro and Rafinha . Due to the large advantage , Barcelona rested key players for the second leg but nonetheless won 8 – 1 for a 12 – 1 aggregate . Pedro scored a hat trick among further goals from Sergi Roberto and Iniesta for a 5 – 0 half time lead , while Adriano and substitutes Adama Traoré and Sandro Ramírez added more goals in the second half ; Carlos David scored a late consolation for the visitors .
In the 2008 state budget , the government announced that it would extend the tram line further . The first extension , completed in early 2010 , was from the existing North Terrace terminus to the Adelaide Entertainment Centre in the inner north west suburb of Hindmarsh , with a park and ride service set up on Port Road . Following the expected electrification of the Outer Harbour and Grange rail lines , new tram trains are to run to West Lakes , Port Adelaide and Semaphore by 2018 . Travel on certain sections of the Glenelg line without a ticket is permitted ; the two sections being the last two stops in Glenelg and the stops from South Terrace till the Entertainment centre .
At some point during the first wave of assaults , Cobb moved into close supporting position behind Armistead . Barksdale 's men were also supporting , to the left of Armistead . The firefight also alerted the three Union boats on the James — the ironclad USS Galena , and the gunboats USS Jacob Bell and USS Aroostook — which began lobbing missiles twenty inches ( 510 mm ) in length and eight inches ( 200 mm ) in diameter from their position on the James River onto the battlefield . The explosions and impacts of the gunboat fire impressed the Confederate troops , but the guns ' aim was unreliable , and the large shells did considerably less damage than might have been expected .
Bowring writes it was " almost subversive " that Murasaki knew Chinese and taught the language to Shōshi . Murasaki , who was reticent about her Chinese education , held the lessons between the two women in secret , writing in her diary , " Since last summer ... very secretly , in odd moments when there happened to be no one about , I have been reading with Her Majesty ... There has of course been no question of formal lessons ... I have thought it best to say nothing about the matter to anybody . " Murasaki most likely earned her second nickname , " Our Lady of the Chronicles " ( Nihongi no tsubone ) , for teaching Shōshi Chinese literature .
In 1961 , with its first location in Skokie , Illinois , Burger King Corporation and its franchises began opening stores and by 1967 had over 20 locations spread throughout the state . The Hootses , claiming that their trademark gave them exclusive rights to the name in Illinois sued BK in the state , and later federal , courts under the case Burger King of Florida , Inc. v. Hoots 403 F.2d 904 ( 7th Cir . 1968 ) . The decision issued by United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois , and upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit , stated that the BK federal trademark , applied for in 1961 and granted in 1963 , took precedence over the Hootses ' older , state trademark ; The Court granted the Hootses exclusive rights to the Burger King trademark within a circular area defined with a 20 mile ( 32 km ) radius centered on their original location .
In 1887 , four clubs from Montreal formed the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada ( AHAC ) and developed a structured schedule . In 1892 , Lord Stanley donated the Stanley Cup to be symbolic of the Canadian championship and appointed Philip Dansken Ross and Sheriff John Sweetland as its trustees . It was awarded to the AHAC champion Montreal Hockey Club and thereafter awarded to the league champions , or to any pre approved team that won it in a challenge . In 1904 , the International Hockey League ( IHL ) , based around Lake Michigan , was created as the first fully professional league , which lasted for two seasons .
In Leavitt 's words , " A straight line can be readily drawn among each of the two series of points corresponding to maxima and minima , thus showing that there is a simple relation between the brightness of the Cepheid variables and their periods . " Leavitt also developed and continued to refine the Harvard Standard for photographic measurements , a logarithmic scale that orders stars by brightness over 17 magnitudes . She initially analyzed 299 plates from 13 telescopes to construct her scale , which was accepted by the International Committee of Photographic Magnitudes in 1913 . The period – luminosity relationship for Cepheids made them the first " standard candle " in astronomy , allowing scientists to compute the distances to galaxies too remote for stellar parallax observations to be useful .
With Japanese aircraft engaged with TF 18 , the Allied transports completed their mission of replacing the remaining Marines on Guadalcanal over the last two days in January 1943 . During this time , the other Allied task forces , including the two fleet carrier task forces , took station in the Coral Sea , in anticipation of an expected Japanese offensive in the southern Solomons . In reality , however , the Japanese completed the secret evacuation of their remaining forces from Guadalcanal ( Operation Ke ) over three nights between 2 and 7 February 1943 . With TF 18 forced to retreat , very few Allied naval forces were left in the immediate Guadalcanal area , allowing the Japanese to retrieve most of their remaining ground forces .
On November 13 , as Princeton clung to hopes of at least a share of the Ivy League title , Elias rushed for 198 yards and three touchdowns on 39 carries in a 28 – 7 victory over Yale . Elias broke Garrett 's 4,510 yard school career all purpose yards record with a 4,529 total and extended his own single season touchdowns ( 19 ) and points ( 116 ) records . On November 20 , Elias rushed for 188 yards to help Princeton build a 22 – 8 fourth quarter lead that did not stand up to Fiedler who led Dartmouth to its third consecutive season ending victory over Princeton .
Winslet 's segment , titled The Catch , was directed by Peter Farrelly and revolves around a single businesswoman who goes on a blind date with the city 's most eligible bachelor , played by Hugh Jackman , only to be shocked when he removes his scarf , revealing a pair of testicles dangling from his neck . This marked Winslet 's second collaboration with Jackman , following the 2006 animated film Flushed Away . The compilation film was universally panned by critics , with the Chicago Sun Times calling it " the Citizen Kane of awful " . In 2013 , Winslet appeared in Jason Reitman 's big screen adaptation of Joyce Maynard 's 2009 novel Labor Day , also starring Josh Brolin , which she declared as " a very romantic movie , though a bizarre one .
In the First Test at the Gabba , Lindwall removed Vinoo Mankad and Gul Mohammad in the first over on a sticky wicket , precipitating a collapse which saw India skittled for 58 . As a result , Lindwall was selected as part of Sir Donald Bradman 's Invincibles that toured England without defeat in 1948 . There were two concerns for Lindwall in the lead up to the start of the tour . Lindwall was carrying an injured leg tendon and his foot drag in the delivery stride led to murmurings in the media and among umpires as to its legality .
The storm resumed its west northwestward motion on August 13 . Colder air in the region caused Diane to weaken while approaching the East Coast of the United States . A recently installed radar in North Carolina noted an eye feature , albeit poorly defined . Early on August 17 , Diane made landfall near Wilmington , North Carolina as a strong tropical storm . The storm then moved in a parabolic motion across North Carolina and the Mid Atlantic before re emerging into the Atlantic Ocean on August 19 . Diane headed east northeastward until becoming extratropical on August 20 .
Mack believes that this event was a turning point for Chloe 's maturity ; it is the moment that she realizes that there needs to be a line she should never cross . After it is revealed to Clark in the season five premiere that Chloe knows his secret , the character becomes a larger part of the storyline for the show . Knowing Clark 's secret allowed Chloe to finally come to terms with her feelings for Clark , and recognize where their relationship will always be ; Chloe 's acceptance of her place in Clark 's life provides a means for the two to have a more meaningful friendship , without the concerns of Chloe 's unrequited love .
Having dealt with the French naval threat , Rooke left as many men , guns and supplies at Gibraltar as he could before sailing for home . He split off part of his fleet , leaving Admiral Sir John Leake with 18 ships to patrol the strait and the Portuguese coast . The Spanish had already mobilised their forces and at the start of September the Marquis of Villadarias , the captain general of Andalusia , arrived in the vicinity of Gibraltar with an army of 4,000 men . Villadarias planned to increase his force to 12,000 , consisting of 9,000 Spaniards and 3,000 Frenchmen .
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule said of Flanagan 's quarter , " a die designer could do little wrong in having Houdon 's Neoclassic image as his prototype ... Still , it might be asked whether or not it was fair to force an ideal [ ized ] portrait of Washington made in 1785 on an artist working in 1932 . There is something cold and lifeless about the results . " Vermeule suggests that the quarter started a trend of similar portrait coins issued by the United States , notably the Jefferson nickel and Franklin half dollar . The historian preferred Laura Fraser 's version , and termed Flanagan 's reverse " a stiff bit of heraldry amid too large a wreath and too much or too large lettering " .
Examples from this initial print run have become quite valuable , selling for as much as US $ 33,460 in a 2007 Heritage Auction . Lindsey Fraser , who had supplied one of the blurb comments , wrote what is thought to be the first published review , in The Scotsman on 28 June 1997 . She described Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone as " a hugely entertaining thriller " and Rowling as " a first rate writer for children " . Another early review , in The Herald , said , " I have yet to find a child who can put it down .
By 1600 , it was in the library of Lord Lumley and by 1621 the manuscript was in the possession of Robert Cotton . The Cotton library was moved in 1712 from Cotton House in Westminster to Essex House in the Strand and then moved again in 1730 to Ashburnham House in Westminster . On the morning of Saturday , 23 October 1731 , a fire broke out and the Cotton manuscript was destroyed . As a result , the text of Asser 's Life is known from a multitude of different sources . Various transcripts had been made of the Cotton manuscript and a facsimile of the first page of the manuscript had been made and published , giving more direct evidence for the hand of the scribe .
International regulations require that the captain and terminal master agree on a detailed plan before operations begin . Deck officers and stevedores oversee the operations . Occasionally loading errors are made that cause a ship to capsize or break in half at the pier . The loading method used depends on both the cargo and the equipment available on the ship and on the dock . In the least advanced ports , cargo can be loaded with shovels or bags poured from the hatch cover . This system is being replaced with faster , less labor intensive methods . Double articulation cranes , which can load at a rate of 1,000 tons per hour , represent a widely used method , and the use of shore based gantry cranes , reaching 2,000 tons per hour , is growing .
In one of his works he argued that Greek philosophy had its origin among non Greeks , claiming that both Plato and Pythagoras were taught by Egyptian scholars . Among his pupils were Origen and Alexander of Jerusalem . Clement is regarded as a Church Father , like Origen . He is venerated as a saint in Coptic Christianity , Ethiopian Christianity and Anglicanism . He was previously revered in the Roman Catholic Church , but his name was removed from the Roman Martyrology in 1586 by Pope Sixtus V on the advice of Baronius . Neither Clement 's birthdate or birthplace is known with any degree of certainty .
Howlin ' Wolf recorded " The Red Rooster " in Chicago in June 1961 . The song is performed as a slow blues in the key of A. Although Dixon biographer Mitsutoshi Inaba notes it as a twelve bar blues , the changes in the first section vary due to extra beats . Lyrically , it follows the classic AAB blues pattern , where two repeated lines are followed by a second . The opening verse echoes Charlie Patton 's second verse : As with many blues songs , Dixon 's lyrics are ambiguous and may be seen on several levels .
They were otherwise generally similar to the Northampton class , with an extended forecastle to improve sea keeping abilities . Their masts were reduced as compared to the Northampton class in order to reduce top weight . When completed , the Pensacola class displaced less than expected , at 9,100 tonnes ( 9,000 long tons ; 10,000 short tons ) , which was 1,000 tonnes ( 980 long tons ; 1,100 short tons ) less than expected , and were found to be greatly deficient in their protection . For the following Northampton class , the armor protection was increased to 1,057 tonnes ( 1,040 long tons ; 1,165 short tons ) with 3 inches ( 76 mm ) of armor along the main belt .
A large , sprawling system , little development was initially expected to take place as the storm moved towards the southwest . As the low moved over warmer waters , the cyclone was able to maintain an area of deep convection near its center . According to the CPHC , the system was nearly fully tropical early on December 19 as it moved west of the dateline . However , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) considered the low to be fully subtropical as a cold core was present over the center of circulation . At this time , the storm had an eye like feature , and attained its peak strength with winds of 60 miles per hour ( 100 km / h ) and a barometric pressure of 997 millibars ( 29.4 inHg ) .
Although there is conflicting information regarding the recording date , " Call It Stormy Monday ( But Tuesday Is Just as Bad ) " was released as a single in November 1947 . Meanwhile , " Stormy Monday Blues " , a jazz single by Earl Hines and His Orchestra with Billy Eckstine on vocals had become a number one hit on Billboard magazine 's Harlem Hit Parade chart in 1942 and also reached number 23 in the magazine 's pop chart . Credited to Eckstine , Hines , and Bob Crowder , the composition features a big band arrangement with different lyrics and does not include the words " stormy " or " Monday " .
Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band was released on 1 June 1967 , with " Within You Without You " sequenced as the opening track on side two of the LP . Greene notes that for many listeners at the time , the song provided their " first meaningful contact with meditative sound " . In his 1977 book The Beatles Forever , Nicholas Schaffner likened " Within You Without You " to Hermann Hesse 's Siddhartha – an influential novel among the emerging counterculture during the Summer of Love – in terms of the song 's evocation of Hesse 's " idealization of individuality " and " vision of a mysterious East " .
They can be used to drive the king into the open , away from its defenders , while they prevent the opponent from putting new material on the board . Partner communication is essential in a good defense . When one partner is under attack , the other partner should be aware of which pieces hurt most . Sitting strategies might be necessary , and it is therefore important to play the defense fast . Accepting a sacrifice can be lethal . On the other hand , it results in the attacker having a piece less to play with , with the defender 's partner having a piece more .
As of 2014 , the winning time of 22 minutes 50 seconds is the slowest time in the history of the event . It was Goldie 's third consecutive victory , and their eleventh in thirteen years . Cambridge won the 34th Women 's Boat Race , making it their third in a row , and their sixteenth victory in seventeen years . Oxford cox , Peter Berners Lee suggested : " I got some help from the tide at the beginning , but very little later . I was expecting a neck and neck race and I couldn 't believe we were a length up at Fulham .
The fierce fighting on Okinawa is said to have played a part in President Truman ’ s decision to use the atomic bomb and to forsake an invasion of Japan . When the Japanese surrendered , a flotilla of 374 ships entered Tokyo Bay to witness the ceremony conducted on the battleship USS Missouri . By the end of the war the US Navy had over 1200 warships . The immediate postwar fate of the Navy was the scrapping and mothballing of ships on a large scale ; by 1948 only 267 ships were active in the Navy . Another important postwar development for the Navy was that in 1948 the Women 's Armed Services Integration Act gave women permanent status in the Regular and Reserve forces of the Navy .
Producer Jim Stewart had the idea to produce a duet album with Otis Redding and Carla Thomas , as he thought it would help their musical careers ' progress , and that " [ Redding 's ] rawness and [ Thomas 's ] sophistication would work " well together . Another reason to combine the two artists was in the hopes of achieving a success similar to that which Motown singer Marvin Gaye had with both Tammi Terrell and Kim Weston . Carla Thomas was already successful in the R & B business ; she had already had many singles appear in both the Hot 100 and Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles charts , most recently her 1966 song " B A B Y " .
In central and western regions , Australian ravens and Torresian crows vye for the scattered uncommon trees and outcrops , and only one or the other are found there . It co occurs with the forest raven in northeastern New South Wales from Port Stephens northwards . The Australian raven has adapted very well to human habitation in some cities and is the most common corvid in Canberra , Sydney and Perth ; in Melbourne and Adelaide it is replaced by the little raven , and by the Torresian crow in Brisbane . Its large range , abundance and increasing population mean it is classified as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List .
Anton 's brother , Victor ( James Marsters ) calls McGarrett to announce he is holding his father , John McGarrett ( William Sadler ) , in Honolulu , and wants to make an exchange . However , Victor is in fact tracking McGarrett 's convoy ; two helicopters arrive and ambush it . In the midst of the skirmish , McGarrett is forced to kill Anton when he brandishes a weapon . In response , Victor executes John . McGarrett returns to Hawaii to attend his father 's funeral , where he meets state governor Patricia Jameson ( Jean Smart ) .
Adiabatic cooling occurs when air rises and expands . The air can rise due to convection , large scale atmospheric motions , or a physical barrier such as a mountain ( orographic lift ) . Conductive cooling occurs when the air comes into contact with a colder surface , usually by being blown from one surface to another , for example from a liquid water surface to colder land . Radiational cooling occurs due to the emission of infrared radiation , either by the air or by the surface underneath . Evaporative cooling occurs when moisture is added to the air through evaporation , which forces the air temperature to cool to its wet bulb temperature , or until it reaches saturation .
Reloading was executed in 3 – 4 minutes , although the standard procedure was to switch to a new position some 10 km away due to the ease with which the battery could be identified by the enemy . Three batteries were combined into a division ( company ) , and three divisions into a separate mine firing regiment of rocket artillery . Soviet World War II missile systems were named according standard templates which are the following : BM x y ( names used for ground vehicles ) M x y ( names used for towed trailers and sledges ) y M x ( names used for navy ) where : x is a model of a missile .
” In addition , they were considering changing the line " one for the little boy who lives down the lane , " in case it could be deemed sexist . The phrase " yes sir , yes sir , three bags full sir " has been used to describe any obsequious or craven subordinate . It is attested from 1910 , and originally was common in the British Royal Navy . The rhyme has often been raised in literature and popular culture . Rudyard Kipling used the rhyme as the title of a semi autobiographical short story he wrote in 1888 .
Before the restoration work was undertaken surveys revealed that the mill was used as a roost for long eared and lesser horseshoe bats . It was ensured that the bats would still have access after the restoration . Note : Italicized terms are defined in the mill machinery article . Stembridge Mill is a tower mill , a type of windmill which consists of a brick or stone tower , on top of which sits a roof or cap which can be turned to bring the sails into the wind . The advantage of the tower mill over the earlier post mill is that it is not necessary to turn the whole mill ( " body " , " buck " ) with all its machinery into the wind ; this allows more space for the machinery and storage .
The Theban Necropolis was later an important site for mortuary temples and mastaba tombs . The Kushite kings who conquered Egypt and ruled as pharaohs during the Twenty fifth dynasty were greatly influenced by Egyptian funerary customs , employing mummification , canopic jars and ushabti funerary figurines . They also built the Nubian pyramids , which in both size and design more closely resemble the smaller Seventeenth dynasty pyramids at Thebes than those of the Old Kingdom near Memphis . Lower class citizens used common forms of funerary art — including shabti figurines ( to perform any labor that might be required of the dead person in the afterlife ) , models of the scarab beetle and funerary texts — which they believed would protect them in the afterlife .
Traveling southeast , SR 22 passes through more farmland , passing the small census designated place of Satus and an interchange with SR 223 . The city of Mabton is located just north of the highway , and is accessible by turning onto SR 241 . The highway leaves the reservation and turns southwest after passing the Sunnyside Wildlife Recreation Area , and crosses the Yakima – Benton county line , continuing through farmland until approaching the outskirts of Prosser , the county seat of Benton County . SR 22 serves as a bypass of Prosser , turning north until intersecting Wine Country Road and the Desert Wind Winery on the east side of Prosser before turning back southwest on Wine Country Road and terminating at a folded diamond interchange , exit 82 , on I – 82 .
One delegate at the Maryland state party convention had even called Mathias " liberal swine " for his record . Additionally , his frequent difficulties in securing a committee chairmanship along with his low attendance rate were raising questions regarding his ability . However , Mathias was showing signs of seeking re election in 1985 , and dismissed any claims of ineffectiveness . Mathias claimed " within a matter of minutes , I can talk to any member of the Cabinet ; and I could go see them within 24 hours .... It was no accident that the Chesapeake Bay was mentioned in the President 's State of the Union address .
Commenting on the series Vincent noted : We 're not doing stories about a fouled up hospital . These things really happen . Every story we 've told is true . They 're the results of untrained people , inadequate staff , horrendous costs , worn out equipment , the demands of doctors . The doctors , not the patients , are the customers ; they 're the ones the hospitals have to please ... For this new season , Johnson and Vincent dropped Joan Van Ark , Reva Rose , and Nancy Fox from the series , leaving Cleavon Little as the only returning cast member .
Vigilante activities continued , although somewhat sporadically , through the Montana Territorial period until the territory became the state of Montana in 1889 . Vigilantism arose because territorial law enforcement and the courts had very little power in the remote mining camps during the territorial period . In 1863 – 1864 , Montana Vigilantes followed the model of the San Francisco Committee of Vigilance that existed in 1850s California to bring order to lawless communities in and around the gold fields of Alder Gulch and Grasshopper Creek . There are estimates that over 100 persons were killed in " road agent " robberies in the fall of 1863 .
This event was also mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht , a propaganda radio report , on 25 October 1941 . Fearing his loss in combat , Lützow was then grounded , an order he did not always obey . In early November , he led Stab JG 3 back to Germany to rest and re equip . During this period , Lützow participated in the honor guard for Generaloberst Ernst Udet . Udet had committed suicide on 17 November 1941 and on 1 December JG 3 received the honorary name " Udet " . In May 1942 Lützow and JG 3 commenced operations near Kharkov before moving into the Crimea and operating around Stalingrad .
The centennial was reportedly the first of any Lutheran congregation in the southern United States . The wrought iron fence along the church driveway was installed in April 1895 , replacing a picket fence . In 1905 , the church 's wood roof was replaced with a metal one , the present stained glass windows were installed , its interior and woodwork were painted and new lamps were installed for better illumination . The stained glass windows were supplied by Madison Alling of Newark , New Jersey in memory of his father , who summered at nearby Capon Springs Resort .
Cần , who unofficially controlled the region of central Vietnam near Huế , was impressed by what he considered to be an abundance of courage on the part of Đính . Within six years of enlisting in the military , Đính had risen to the rank of colonel and was made the inaugural commander of the newly formed 32nd Division based in Da Nang in the centre of the country on 1 January 1955 . Đính led the unit until November 1956 , during which time it was renamed the 2nd Division . Diệm deposed head of state Bảo Đại in a fraudulent referendum in 1955 and proclaimed himself president of the newly created Republic of Vietnam ( commonly known as South Vietnam ) .
Notable topics of praise included its detailed graphics , new character design for Fox , dynamic environments and The Legend of Zelda influenced gameplay . However , the game was criticized for its aforementioned gameplay being too much of a departure from previous Star Fox games , while mixed reactions came from critics and fans alike for Rare 's departure from Nintendo . Star Fox adventures is a 3D action adventure game with platforming elements . Its gameplay is frequently compared to that of the The Legend of Zelda series , especially The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time .
The Minister for Home Affairs , King O 'Malley , who was responsible for the legislation creating the ACT , also introduced a bill in 1910 making the ACT an alcohol free area ; this bill was passed by the Federal parliament and the law was not repealed until 1928 . Until that time local residents travelled to Queanbeyan , just across the New South Wales border , to drink on Saturday . In 1938 the Territory was formally renamed the Australian Capital Territory . The Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915 and the New South Wales Seat of Government Surrender Act 1915 created a Territory of Jervis Bay , which was administered as part of the Federal Capital Territory and with all laws of the Territory applicable .
During World War I , she was known as USAT El Sol in service with the United States Army and as USS El Sol ( ID 4505 ) in service with the United States Navy . At the end of war , she reverted to her original name of SS El Sol . SS El Sol was one of four sister ships that carried cargo and a limited number of passengers for the Morgan Line . She was acquired by the U.S. Army after the United States entered World War I in April 1917 , and converted to carry horses and mules to France .
The result of this pathfinding process is that the growth cone navigates through the brain until it reaches its destination area , where other chemical cues cause it to begin generating synapses . Considering the entire brain , thousands of genes create products that influence axonal pathfinding . The synaptic network that finally emerges is only partly determined by genes , though . In many parts of the brain , axons initially " overgrow " , and then are " pruned " by mechanisms that depend on neural activity . In the projection from the eye to the midbrain , for example , the structure in the adult contains a very precise mapping , connecting each point on the surface of the retina to a corresponding point in a midbrain layer .
From July 16 – 24 , 2009 , NASA streamed the original mission audio on its website in real time 40 years to the minute after the events occurred . In addition , it is in the process of restoring the video footage and has released a preview of key moments . On July 20 , 2009 , the crew of Armstrong , Aldrin , and Collins met with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House . " We expect that there is , as we speak , another generation of kids out there who are looking up at the sky and are going to be the next Armstrong , Collins and Aldrin " , Obama said .
At Gardner 's commutation hearing on June 10 , 2010 , lawyers and medical experts in his defense argued whether meningitis contracted at the age of 4 had damaged his brain . Gardner had also huffed gas and glue with his siblings , and played with mercury stolen from gas meters by his stepfather to sell . Three of the jurors that sentenced Gardner to death signed an affidavit that they would have recommended life without parole , an option that was not available in Utah until 1992 . Gardner claimed that he was a changed man who counseled other inmates and was interested in starting an organic farm project for youths on 160 acres ( 65 ha ) in Box Elder County , Utah .
The scheduling drew criticism both when it was enacted and after the fact , with some analysts even positing that the unbalanced schedule hurt intra divisional play . This , however , did not affect the Phillies and Mets , as they drew an average of 27,926 fans to their games in 2001 . Attendance for the rivalry games increased in 2002 , to 29,403 fans per game , as the Phillies bested the Mets in the season series , 10 – 9 , and was strong in 2003 , when they drew nearly 28,000 fans per game and the Phillies took their second consecutive season series , 12 – 7 .
In 1466 , Stephen regained Khotyn from Poland in a diplomatic victory , but in the same year , Corvinus became on bad terms with King Casimir IV Jagiellon of Poland , which frustrated the Hungarian king further , knowing that Moldavia was a Polish fief . One year later , in 1467 , the locals of Transylvania started an uprising in which Corvinus had a difficult time quelling the riots . He later found out that Stephen had supported the rioters , — probably in order to find and kill Aron . Długosz writes in his ‘ ’ Annals ’ ’ that in 1467 , a certain " Berendeja " went to the court of Corvinus and promised to make Moldavia his vassal , if the King would in turn make him Prince of Moldavia .
Amatoxins content ( alpha amanitin and beta amanitins especially alpha amanitin ) in the cap , stem or volva of A. exitialis was higher than that of Phallotoxins ( Phallacidin , Phallisin , Phalloidin and Phalloin ) , but the content of phallotoxins ( especially phallacidin ) was gradually higher from cap to stem and to volva . A 2011 study reported the presence of additional toxins amaninamide , phallacin , phallisacin and desoxoviridin . A Chinese study concluded that this species had the highest mortality rate of all toxic mushrooms in China . It has been estimated that about 50 grams ( 1.8 oz ) of fresh mushrooms contains sufficient toxin to cause the death of a 50 kilogram ( 110 lb ) adult .
By the first chorus , several scenes use different transition effects while Suzuki sings in different circles . The second verse has Suzuki in the dark blue room again . By the pre chorus , It then uses neon effects to immolate white objects ; as a result , Suzuki 's sunglasses and hoodie lights up . The final chorus finishes with transitions of different scenes from the video , including Suzuki in the silver room , standing inside of circles , and inside the dark blue room . The video ends with a close up of Suzuki standing next to a large circle , and pans out .
Salvin was succeeded in the work by John Taylor . When a feature did not meet his expectations of medieval architecture Taylor would ruthlessly remove it ; as a result , several important buildings within the castle were pulled down and in some cases post medieval internal decoration removed . Although only one bomb fell on the Tower of London in the First World War ( it landed harmlessly in the moat ) , the Second World War left a greater mark . On 23 September 1940 , during the Blitz , high explosive bombs damaged the castle , destroying several buildings and narrowly missing the White Tower .
It can also be found inside submarine canyons , close to the walls . It prefers areas with a muddy or sandy substrate . It is tolerant of low dissolved oxygen levels , allowing it to inhabit oceanic basins inaccessible to other sharks . The prickly shark is a slow swimmer and has been observed hovering just above the sea floor . A tracking study in Monterey Canyon found that this species exhibits strong diel migration patterns . The sharks were inactive during the day , resting in discrete refuge areas located near the sea floor in deep , offshore waters .
Thus , they sought a simple but elegant monument . Several sites were considered , including Cawsand Beacon on Dartmoor and the Haldon Hills , but the committee 's preferred location was Exeter 's Cathedral Close , Exeter being the county town of Devon . The specific site was chosen so that the memorial would be visible from the High Street and Broadgate . The memorial is one of two civic war memorials in Exeter , the other being the Exeter City War Memorial in Northernhay Gardens . Exeter Cathedral also contains memorials to the Devonshire Regiment and the Wessex Field Ambulance .
This inspired the idea of Homer 's club . Also , the " crossed fishing pole and rifle " insignia that can be seen in Homer 's garage is the same insignia that Gould 's father uses for his hunting club . Homer 's bar was originally the center of the episode , but became the third act when the writers came up with the renovation of Moe 's bar and made it the main storyline . Alternative rock band R.E.M. guest starred as themselves in the episode . " We had been told that R.E.M. were big fans of the show " , says executive producer and showrunner for the episode , Mike Scully , adding that their appearance in the episode was a " fairly last minute addition " .
No sightings have been reported of this species since the 1950s . Depending on their location , green tree frogs occupy various habitats , but are not usually found in tropical rainforests . They are often found in the canopy of trees near water bodies but also occupy terrestrial habitats well away from water . They favor old stands of Eucalyptus where the trees have hollows in which water collects . They are common along inland waterways and can survive in swamps ( among the reeds ) or in grasslands in cooler climates . Green tree frogs are little troubled by the presence of man and often live in close association with humans .
A spokesperson for the national broadcaster said that the results were misleading because people who enjoyed the show typically do not make comments . Around the country , around 80 % of callers to talkback radio were supportive ; and one third of all calls regarding APEC mentioned the stunt . There were many critics among politicians and officials . Representatives of the police force in Sydney were among the most severe , and New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione , the head of APEC 's lead security agency , was angered because the comedians could have been shot by police snipers , who were " clearly ... there because they mean business .
The cap surface is slimy to sticky , smooth , not zonate . It is scarlet when young , but becomes orange to yellowish orange and duller when older . The attachment of the gills to the stem is adnate ( squarely attached ) to decurrent ( running down the length of the stem ) ; the gills are moderately broad , with spacing close to subdistant ( with visible spaces between the gills ) . They are whitish or colored similar to the cap but paler . The stem is 4 – 9 cm ( 1.6 – 3.5 in ) long , 5 – 15 mm ( 0.2 – 0.6 in ) thick , and thicker near the base .
Ragnall is the only member of the meic Somairle known to have styled himself in documents rex insularum . His use of both the title and seal are probably derived from those of the leading members of the Crovan dynasty , such as his namesake Rögnvaldr , who not only bore the same title but was said to have borne a similar two sided seal . The descriptions of the cousins ' seals shows that these devices combined the imagery of a Norse Gaelic galley and an Anglo French knight . The maritime imagery probably symbolised the power of a ruler of an island kingdom , and the equestrian imagery appears to have symbolised feudal society , in which the cult of knighthood had reached its peak in the twelfth- and early thirteenth centuries .
It was published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen as Sneemanden on 2 March 1861 . Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager describes the tale as a lyrical and poignant complement to Andersen 's " The Fir Tree " of December 1844 . Wullschlager believes " The Snowman " was the product in part of Andersen ’ s " pining and discontent over " Harald Scharff , a handsome young dancer at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen . According to Wullschlager , the two men entered a relationship in the early 1860s that brought the poet " some kind of sexual fulfillment and a temporary end to loneliness .
On 31 July 1916 , British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith issued a statement in the House of Commons . I deeply regret to say that it appears to be true that Captain Fryatt has been murdered by the Germans . His Majesty 's Government have heard with the utmost indignation of this atrocious crime against the laws of nations and the usages of war . Coming as it does contemporaneously with the lawless cruelty towards the population of Lille and other occupied districts of France , it shews that the German High Command , under the stress of military defeat , have renewed their policy of terrorism .
They had to pay $ 50,000 to put someone in the window from which Oswald was supposed to have shot Kennedy . They were allowed to film in that location only between certain hours with only five people on the floor at one time : the camera crew , an actor and Stone . Co producer Clayton Townsend has said that the hardest part was getting the permission to restore the building to the way it looked back in 1963 . It took five months of negotiation . The production spent $ 4 million to restore Dealey Plaza to 1963 conditions .
Business flourished in precious stones such as diamonds , lapis lazuli , onyx , topaz , carbuncles and emeralds . Commonly traded spices were cardamom , saffron , and cloves , while perfumes included the by products of sandalwood , bdellium , musk , civet and rose . These items were sold either in bulk or hawked on streets by local merchants in towns . The Western Chalukyas controlled most of South India 's west coast and by the 10th century they had established extensive trade ties with the Tang Empire of China , the empires of Southeast Asia and the Abbasid Caliphate in Bhagdad , and by the 12th century Chinese fleets were frequenting Indian ports .
Locally quarried dark igneous andesite and granite were mainly used , although sandstone was brought in from the east for higher status buildings . Kilham House was transformed from a traditional farmhouse into a small country house by a substantial extension built in 1926 . The appearance was enhanced by the use of identical 12 pane windows throughout . The old mill pond above the hamlet has been restored by the Northumberland National Park Authority . Blackbirds , wrens and thrushes are often seen in the hedge banks along the lane to Longknowe , and the roadside verges contain a colourful variety of flowering plants , including dog roses , St John 's wort , stitchwort and bloody cranesbill .
" Rose 's game against the Oak Hill team with Brandon Jennings , Nolan Smith and Alex Legion on ESPN is described as Rose 's national introduction . Although there are comparisons to Rose , his game is most often compared to Grant Hill and Paul Pierce . Dime Magazine describes him as " Grant Hill with a jump shot " . Parker claims to model his game after Paul Pierce and Carmelo Anthony . He hopes to be regarded as the best high school basketball player in the history of the city of Chicago and has stated that " being compared to Derrick also drives me .
Harrison began demonstrating various major seventh , diminished and augmented chord shapes – " all these funny chords people showed me when I was a kid " , as he later put it . While playing a G major 7 chord and taking the shape up the guitar neck to B ♭ major 7 , Harrison realised , " Ah , this sounds like a tune here ... " Keen to break down the barriers that Dylan had imposed , Harrison came up with the song 's opening lines : Let me in here I know I 've been here Let me into your heart …
As they move down the street , a reverse time lapse style sequence transforms their clothes to match a rapidly changing urban scene , which progresses through modern day London to the Edwardian period . Electric lights transform into gas lamps and buildings begin to disappear frame by frame . A short cutaway sequence shows the city regressing into the past , shrinking to a small Saxon settlement before disappearing entirely . Returning to the main sequence , the three men 's clothes and hairstyles are adjusted into Bronze Age equivalents as they pass through thickening woodland . A close up of one of the characters shows his features quickly transformed into those of a caveman .
In February 2012 , IndiGo took delivery of its 50th aircraft , less than six years after it began operations in 2006 . For the quarter ending March 2012 , IndiGo was the most profitable airline in India and became the second largest airline in India in terms of passenger market share . On 17 August 2012 , IndiGo became the largest airline in India in terms of market share surpassing Jet Airways , six years after commencing operations . In January 2013 , IndiGo was the second fastest growing low cost carrier in Asia behind Indonesian airline Lion Air .
She was helped by her father , who was able to secure a more lucrative position again . All that time she continued to educate herself , reading books , exchanging letters , and being tutored herself . In early 1889 she returned home to her father in Warsaw . She continued working as a governess , and remained there till late 1891 . She tutored , studied at the Flying University , and began her practical scientific training ( 1890 – 91 ) in a chemical laboratory at the Museum of Industry and Agriculture at Krakowskie Przedmieście 66 , near Warsaw 's Old Town .
A government report launched in 1970 , suggested surveys for five locations : Gardermoen , Hurum , Askim , Nesodden and Ås . Hobøl was preliminarily selected and areas reserved for a future airport . During the 1970s , the Labour Party became concerned that Hobøl was located too centrally in relation to the growth areas around Oslo , and instead wanted to use Gardermoen , in an attempt to force the population growth further north . Commercial interests and the airlines supported Hobøl . In 1983 , Parliament decided to abandon the plans for Hobøl and continue with a divided solution .
Hamilton also refused the hairspring set of dueling pistols ( that would make the pulling of the trigger lighter ) when offered by Nathaniel Pendleton . Vice President Burr shot Hamilton , delivering what proved to be a fatal wound . Hamilton 's shot broke a tree branch directly above Burr 's head . Neither of the seconds , Pendleton nor Van Ness , could determine who fired first , as each claimed that the other man had fired first . Soon after , they measured and triangulated the shooting , but could not determine from which angle Hamilton fired .
It peaked in the United States at number fifty three . The accompanying music video features Brown and American R & B singer Cassie as his love interest . In the video , he yearns for their relationship on a winter night in a city and in a desert scene . Brown performed the song on his 2009 Fan Appreciation Tour , and on BET 's SOS : Help for Haiti Telethon , which benefited victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake . The song was leaked to internet on October 21 , 2009 , one day after ex girlfriend Rihanna 's ballad " Russian Roulette " was also leaked .
He was re elected in 1984 and 1990 , left the Senate in 1997 , and was an unsuccessful candidate for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination . Bradley is the author of seven non fiction books , most recently We Can All Do Better , and hosts a weekly radio show , American Voices , on Sirius Satellite Radio . He is a corporate director of Starbucks and a partner at investment bank Allen & Company in New York City . In 2008 Bradley was inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame . Bradley was born on July 28 , 1943 in Crystal City , Missouri , the only child of Warren ( d .
The German destroyers reached the Ofotfjord on the morning of 9 April and Commodore Friedrich Bonte took his flagship Wilhelm Heidkamp , Bernd von Arnim and Georg Thiele down the fjord to Narvik . A heavy snowstorm allowed von Arnim and Thiele to enter the harbor without challenge and tie up at a pier . The mountain troops immediately began disembarking , but the ship was spotted by the coast defense ship Norge a few minutes later . The latter ship immediately opened fire and was able to fire approximately 13 shells at 600 – 800 meters ( 660 – 870 yd ) range before von Arnim was able to fire seven torpedoes .
The two surviving ships had an uneventful time for the rest of the war conducting patrols of the North Sea as the High Seas Fleet was forbidden to risk any more losses . They were put into reserve in early 1919 and sold for scrapping on 1 December 1921 . After Admiral Fisher was appointed First Sea Lord on 21 October 1904 he pushed through the Board of Admiralty in early December 1904 a decision to arm the next armoured cruiser with 12 inch ( 305 mm ) guns and that it would have a speed no less than 25.5 knots ( 29.3 mph ; 47.2 km / h ) .
カプコン 2 ニュー エイジ オブ ヒーローズ , Hepburn : Māvuru bāsasu Kapukon Tū : Nyū Eiji obu Hīrōzu ) is a crossover fighting game developed and published by Capcom . It is the fourth installment in the Marvel vs. Capcom series , which features characters from both Capcom 's video game franchises and comic book series published by Marvel Comics . Originally released in Japanese arcades in 2000 , the game received ports to the Dreamcast , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox , Xbox 360 , and iOS devices over the span of twelve years . In Marvel vs. Capcom 2 , players select a team of characters from the Marvel and Capcom universes to engage in combat and attempt to knock out their opponents .
Kota Kinabalu is often known as KK both in Malaysia and internationally . It is a major tourist destination and a popular gateway for travellers visiting Sabah and Borneo . Kinabalu Park is located about 90 kilometres from the city and there are many other tourist attractions in and around the city . Kota Kinabalu is also one of the major industrial and commercial centres of East Malaysia . These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia . Kota Kinabalu is named after Mount Kinabalu , which is situated about 50 kilometres east northeast of the city .
The following day he earned his first Ivy League Rookie of the Week recognition . On January 29 , 2010 , Hummer posted 10 points against Brown . He tallied 8 points and 4 rebounds against Yale the following night . He earned his second Ivy League Rookie of the Week award on February 1 as a result . Two of his three highest scoring games for the 2009 – 10 Tigers came in Princeton 's two victories during the postseason 2010 College Basketball Invitational against Duquesne and IUPUI . On November 30 , 2010 , Hummer posted 22 points , 6 rebounds , 4 assists and 2 blocks against Lafayette .
Game journalists believe the price is justified given the estimated 100 hour playtime Blow has stated , as well as comparing it to a similar puzzle game , The Talos Principle ( 2014 ) , that was also released for the same price . To help promote the game , the development team created three " long screenshot " videos , inspired by the experimental film Koyaanisqatsi , that slowly panned across the island and its features without additional commentary . Blow stated that they had been in discussions with publishers for a physical release of the game , but opted to not do that step initially , citing the additional time that would have been needed for the manufacturing and distribution processes .
" Writing for Metro Weekly , Doug Rule called the song an " instant classic " and referred it to as a " sequel of sorts to Elliott 's marvelous 2002 hit ' Work It ' . " A writer from Rap Up named the song one of the album 's top tracks . David Balls of Digital Spy rated " Work " three stars out of five , writing that it " bears all the ingredients of a smash , but lacks the killer blow to leave you gasping for air . " Balls also noted that Ciara tends to rely on guest artists to guarantee a hit .
After slaughtering the Helvetii tribe , Caesar prosecuted a " long , bitter and costly " campaign against other tribes across the breadth of Gaul , many of whom had fought alongside Rome against their common enemy the Helvetii , and annexed their territory to that of Rome . Plutarch claims that the campaign cost a million Gallic lives . Although " fierce and able " the Gauls were handicapped by internal disunity and fell in a series of battles over the course of a decade . Caesar defeated the Helvetii in 58 BC at the Battle of the Arar and Battle of Bibracte , the Belgic confederacy known as the Belgae at the Battle of the Axona , the Nervii in 57 BC at the Battle of the Sabis , the Aquitani , Treviri , Tencteri , Aedui and Eburones in unknown battles , and the Veneti in 56 BC .
The two Ferrari drivers used different pedal layouts in the 412T2 chassis : Berger 's car was equipped with two pedals and a hand operated clutch , whereas Alesi preferred the traditional three pedal system . Hill set a provisional pole position time of 1 : 20.081 during the first qualifying session , ahead of Berger , Coulthard , Alesi , Häkkinen and Schumacher . The session was disrupted after Schumacher crashed heavily into the tyre barrier at turn eight , a corner normally taken at a speed of 140 miles per hour ( 230 km / h ) . As a precaution , Benetton opted to keep Schumacher 's teammate , Johnny Herbert , in the garage while the team found out what was wrong with the car .
Odense 's City Hall ( Odense Rådhus ) , with its medieval Italian look , was designed by Johan Daniel Herholdt and Carl Lendorf in the Historicist style . Completed in 1883 , it combines red masonry with sandstone decorations , stepped gables and a saw tooth course . It stands on the site of a smaller building from 1480 . In 1937 Bent Helveg Møller won the competition for the building 's enlargement . The tower over the main entrance was torn down in 1942 but was not rebuilt . As work was delayed during the war , the extension was not completed until 1955 .
John de Clavering died in 1332 and his widow in 1345 , at which point the family 's estates became the property of the Percys . While the Percys owned Alnwick Castle , which was considered more prestigious , Warkworth was the family 's preferred home . Under the Percys a park was created nearby for hunting , and within the castle two residential blocks were created , described by historian John Goodall as " of unparalleled quality and sophistication in Northumberland " . The second baron died at Warkworth in 1352 . In 1377 the fourth Baron Percy , also named Henry , was made the first Earl of Northumberland ( becoming the first family from northern England to be granted an earldom ) in recognition of his extensive power in the march areas along the Anglo Scottish border .
It won five awards at E3 that year . Early in Doom 3 's development , Trent Reznor of the band Nine Inch Nails , a fan of the Doom games , was set to compose the music and sound effects to Doom 3 . However , due to " time , money and bad management " , none of Trent Reznor 's sound effects or music made the final product . Eventually , Nine Inch Nails ' former drummer , Chris Vrenna , composed and performed the game 's theme song . We never really did come to an actual agreement with Trent .
Prinz Eugen was a broadside ironclad , and she was armed with a main battery of sixteen 48 pounder muzzle loading guns and fifteen 24 pounder 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) rifled muzzle loading guns . She also carried a single 12 pounder gun and a six pounder The ship 's hull was sheathed with wrought iron armor that was 110 mm ( 4 in ) thick . The keel for Prinz Eugen was laid down at the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino shipyard in October 1861 . She was launched on 14 June 1862 , and after fitting out work was completed in March 1863 , she was commissioned into the Austrian fleet .
The Director of the Manhattan Project , Brigadier General Leslie R. Groves , Jr . , told them that time was more important than money , and if two approaches looked promising , they should build both . In the end , this was what was done . Allison was one of 49 scientists who watched the project take a leap forward when Chicago Pile 1 went critical at Stagg Field on December 2 , 1942 . As Compton 's reactor project began to spread outside Chicago in 1943 , Allison became director of the Metallurgical Laboratory in June 1943 .
The other crucial area of investigation is the hydrodynamics of the plasma that makes up the dying star ; how it behaves during the core collapse determines when and how the " shock wave " forms and when and how it " stalls " and is reenergized . In fact , some theoretical models incorporate a hydrodynamical instability in the stalled shock known as the " Standing Accretion Shock Instability " ( SASI ) . This instability comes about as a consequence of non spherical perturbations oscillating the stalled shock thereby deforming it . The SASI is often used in tandem with neutrino theories in computer simulations for re energizing the stalled shock .
From 1998 to 2000 , its annual revenue grew 280 percent and by 2000 almost sixty percent of revenues were international . By 2000 , it had a staff of 65 people , up from 13 shortly after its foundation . The antivirus product was renamed to Kaspersky Antivirus in 2000 , after an American company started using the product 's original name , which wasn 't trademarked . As the head of research , Kaspersky authored papers on viruses and went to conferences to promote the software . He was often quoted in the technology press as an antivirus expert .
Its youth programs are modeled after those of the Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership in Virginia . The Public Advisory Board , established by Father Jonathan DeFelice in 2008 seeks to help the Institute expand its role in both state and national dialogues . Board members include U.S. Senator Judd Gregg ( Chair ) , former United States Congressman Paul Hodes , New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner ( Vice Chair ) , 2010 Massachusetts gubernatorial candidate Charlie Baker , Time magazine 's Mark Halperin , U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte , and John Bridgeland , member of the White House Council for Community Solutions .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 7 , 1993 , and has since been featured on DVD and VHS releases . Written by Jon Vitti and directed by Rich Moore , " Cape Feare " features the return of guest star Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob , who tries to kill Bart Simpson after getting out of jail . " Cape Feare " is a spoof of the 1962 film Cape Fear and its 1991 remake ( which in turn are both based on John D. MacDonald 's 1957 novel The Executioners ) , and alludes to other horror films such as Psycho .
Ornina , the singer of Ishtar temple , was one of the oldest multi talented women who has a prominent statue depicting her playing music during the reign of Iblul Il . The first Mari provided the oldest wheels workshop to be discovered in Syria , and was a center of bronze metallurgy . The city also contained districts devoted to smelting , dyeing and pottery manufacturing , charcoal was brought by river boats from the upper Khabur and Euphrates area . The second kingdom 's economy was based on both agriculture and trade . The economy was centralized and directed through a communal organization , where grains were stored in communal granaries , and distributed amongst the population according to social statues .
The initial Project Daedalus model sparked further theoretical research . In 1980 , Robert Freitas suggested a more ambitious plan : a self replicating spacecraft intended to search for and make contact with extraterrestrial life . Built and launched in Jovian ( Jupiter 's ) orbit , it would reach Barnard 's Star in 47 years under parameters similar to those of the original Project Daedalus . Once at the star , it would begin automated self replication , constructing a factory , initially to manufacture exploratory probes and eventually to create a copy of the original spacecraft after 1,000 years .
Small and probably significant rock avalanches may result and could dam the nearby Squamish River for a limited amount of time , such as those that occurred in the past without seismic activity and deformation related to magmatic activity . At some point the subsurface magma will produce phreatic eruptions and lahars . At this time Highway 99 would be out of service and the residents of Squamish would have to travel away from the eruptive zone . While molten rock comes closer to the surface it would most likely cause more fragmentation , triggering an explosive eruption that could produce an eruption column with an elevation of 20 km ( 12 mi ) and may be sustained for 12 hours .
The only form of sexual dimorphism exhibited by the collared brown lemur is dichromatism . The following table illustrates the coloration differences between the sexes : In the wild , the collared brown lemur 's range does not overlap with other brown lemurs , so it is rarely confused with other species . However , in captivity it can be easily confused with the gray headed lemur ( Eulemur cinereiceps ) due to similar coloration . The male collared brown lemur can be distinguished by their cream colored or rufous beards , whereas the male gray headed lemur has a white beard .
British television veteran Marc Warren agreed to work in the film because he always wanted to be in a Hollywood blockbuster . Thomas Kretschmann originally intended to pick up the comic series after being cast , but Bekmambetov convinced him not to . He said that he " did excessive gun training " to " make sure I look good and I look like I know what I 'm doing " . Kristen Hager originally auditioned for Fox , but accepted the role of Cathy , considering it " fun to play " . Location plate shooting took place in Chicago in April 2007 .
The hanukiah had previously been featured and lit at the 2010 White House Hanukkah Party . Topolosky and his family left Beth Israel the following year , citing " the deteriorating Jewish educational landscape in New Orleans " . New Orleans ' only Jewish school , which had been established in 1996 , closed for a year after Hurricane Katrina , and was never able to regain its peak enrollment of over 80 students . Although by then New Orleans ' Jewish population exceeded its pre Katrina size , demographic changes negatively affected the school 's population . In 2012 the school 's board began recruiting non Jewish students , and changed the name from New Orleans Jewish Day School to Community Day School , but enrollment continued to fall to 29 students , half non Jewish , by 2013 .
Murphy was with the 1st Battalion , 15th Infantry Regiment during the 27 – 28 August offensive at Montélimar that secured the area from the Germans . Along with the other soldiers who took part in the action , he received the Presidential Unit Citation . Murphy 's first Purple Heart was for a heel wound received in a mortar shell blast on 15 September 1944 in northeastern France . His first Silver Star came after he killed four and wounded three at a German machine gun position on 2 October at L 'Omet quarry in the Cleurie river valley .
Rhimes used a " blind casting " technique , which resulted in several roles going to actors of different racial backgrounds than first envisioned . Isaiah Washington , eventually cast as Preston Burke , was originally considered for the role of Derek Shepherd , while Burke was initially to be played by a white actor who dropped out at the last moment . Chandra Wilson was cast in the role of Miranda Bailey , who Rhimes had imagined as a blonde until auditioning Wilson . The Campus have observed that the Grey 's Anatomy cast is actually more diverse than the city it emulates , noting that Seattle is actually 70 % Caucasian .
The Kingdom of Polonnaruwa ended in 1215 with an invasion from South India . The Polonnaruwa Vatadage appears to have been abandoned with the fall of the kingdom , and there is no mention of it in the chronicles in later periods . It was not until 1903 that the Department of Archaeology began excavation work at the site under Bell , who noted that it was " only a mound of earth " at the time . The Polonnaruwa Vatadage is located in a quadrangular area known as the Dalada Maluva in the ancient city of Polonnaruwa . The Dalada Maluva contains some of the oldest and most sacred monuments of the city .
The album version features " brittle hits , blips and a buzz saw break " , which many critics considered reminiscent to West 's " dark and claustrophobic sounds " of his sixth studio album Yeezus ( 2013 ) . The song 's lyrics are about Illuminati conspiracy theories ; Madonna sings and raps about supposed illuminati luminaries including Jay Z , Beyoncé , Kanye West , Nicki Minaj , Bill Gates , Steve Jobs , Lady Gaga , Justin Bieber , Barack Obama , LeBron James and Oprah Winfrey . The song also mentions pentagrams and the " Google of the United States " .
Separately , Davis asked Governor Beshear to free her . The governor 's office said that the conflict was a " matter between her and the courts " and added that the governor had no power to grant her release . Rowan County Democratic Judge Executive Walter Blevins stated that he did not believe he would need to appoint a replacement for Davis , and that he believed the Attorney General of Kentucky and " the General Assembly will pass something where marriage licenses don 't have anyone 's name on them " . At this point , the Oath Keepers — an armed right wing group variously described as a vigilante or militia group — offered to provide a " security detail " to Davis in an effort to prevent U.S. Marshals from re arresting her for contempt .
Brown referred to the alternative version of her character as " Meana " due to her seemingly " mean " personality , and speculated that Nina may have become this way because without William Bell , " she wasn ’ t at the party with all of the boys , the science boys " and thus developed an " outsider " perspective . She said of the role , " It ’ s a really interesting thing to play . I love the fact that they look exactly the same , at least for a while . " " The End of All Things " first aired on February 24 , 2012 in the United States .
Another major infusion of Arabian horses into Europe occurred when the Ottoman Turks sent 300,000 horsemen into Hungary in 1522 , many of whom were mounted on pure blooded Arabians , captured during raids into Arabia . By 1529 , the Ottomans reached Vienna , where they were stopped by the Polish and Hungarian armies , who captured these horses from the defeated Ottoman cavalry . Some of these animals provided foundation bloodstock for the major studs of eastern Europe . With the rise of light cavalry , the stamina and agility of horses with Arabian blood gave an enormous military advantage to any army who possessed them .
By the end of May 2015 , the song was Video of the week on the Food Consumer website . Nelson 's acting debut was in the 1979 film , The Electric Horseman , followed by appearances in Honeysuckle Rose , Thief , and Barbarosa . He played the role of Red Loon in Coming Out of the Ice in 1982 and starred in Songwriter two years later . He portrayed the lead role in the 1986 film version of his album Red Headed Stranger . Other movies that Nelson acted in include Wag the Dog , Gone Fishin ' ( as Billy ' Catch ' Pooler ) , the 1986 television movie Stagecoach ( with Johnny Cash ) , Half Baked , Beerfest , The Dukes of Hazzard , Surfer , Dude and Swing Vote.He has also made guest appearances on Miami Vice ( 1986 's " El Viejo " episode ) , Delta , Nash Bridges , The Simpsons , Monk , Adventures in Wonderland , Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman , King of the Hill , The Colbert Report , Swing Vote and Space Ghost Coast to Coast .
Ju 87 A 2 : Production version fitted with an improved 680 PS ( 500 kW or 670 hp ) Jumo 210E engine . The Ju 87 B series was to be the first mass produced variant . A total of six pre production Ju 87 B 0 were produced , built from Ju 87 An airframes . The first production version was the Ju 87 B 1 , with a considerably larger engine , its Junkers Jumo 211D generating 1,200 PS ( 883 kW or 1,184 hp ) , and completely redesigned fuselage and landing gear , replacing the twin radio masts of the " A " version with a single mast mounted further forward on the " greenhouse " canopy , and much simpler , lighter weight wheel " spats " used from the -B version onwards , discarding the transverse strut bracing of the " A " version 's maingear design .
At 2 : 00 pm she went up into the studio . Morrissey told her again that Warhol was not coming in and that she had to leave . She left but rode the elevator up and down until Warhol finally boarded it . She entered The Factory with Warhol , who complimented her on her appearance as she was uncharacteristically wearing makeup . Morrissey told her to leave , threatening to " beat the hell " out of her and throw her out otherwise . The phone rang and Warhol answered while Morrissey went to the bathroom . While Warhol was on the phone , Solanas fired at him three times .
In Silcott 's case , according to the scientist who conducted the ESDA test , Robert Radley , the notes from the section of the fifth interview in which Silcott appeared to incriminate himself had been inserted after the other notes were written . The seventh and final page of the fifth interview , where the participants would normally sign , was missing . The ESDA test suggested that , on the third to sixth pages of the interview , no impressions had been left from previous pages , although these earlier impressions appeared throughout the rest of the notes .
The second vehicle , the Ausf . F , was as different from the Ausf . C as it was from the Ausf . A and B. Intended as an infantry support tank , the Panzer I Ausf . F had a maximum armour thickness of 80 millimeters ( 3.15 in ) and weighed between 18 and 21 tonnes . The Ausf . F was armed with two 7.92 millimeter MG 34s . Thirty were produced in 1940 , and a second order of 100 was later canceled . In order to compensate for the increased weight , a new 150 horsepower ( 110 kW ) Maybach HL45 Otto engine was used , allowing a maximum road speed of 25 kilometers per hour ( 15.5 mph ) and used five overlapping road wheels per side , dropping the Ausf .
I know I had a problem with being told what to do , and had a problem with being mentally and physically constricted . All of humanity is searching for freedom and I think it 's important to know when you have it , too . " Ament stated that " Gods ' Dice " is about " judging anybody who has any sort of belief system whether they believe in God or not " , and that " Nothing as It Seems " is about his childhood growing up in a rural area of Northern Montana . Vedder called " Evacuation " a " song about change " , and stated in an interview that the moral of " Insignificance " is " the ineffectiveness of political struggle .
Countless trees were uprooted along the Mississippi , and crop damage continued its prevalence going further north . Natchez saw the highest winds in the town since a tornado in 1840 , and although the hurricane struck further west than the previous two , gale winds still extended eastward to Pensacola . The final known storm of the season existed in late October , and followed roughly the same track as Tropical Storm Five , forming in the southwestern Atlantic basin and curving northward between the U.S. and Bermuda . Its track is only known between October 20 and October 24 , and it was also not recognized until subsequent reanalysis .
The remainder of the 2008 – 09 season saw him only add two more goals , against Macclesfield Town and Darlington , both in the space of a month . After only making five appearances for Exeter in 2009 – 10 , he joined Barnet on loan in November 2009 . McAllister , still without a goal in 2009 – 10 , couldn 't get on the scoresheet in the three games he played for Barnet , and he returned to Exeter in January . In March , still having not played for Exeter since his return from Barnet , he signed an emergency one month loan deal at Rotherham United .
Dead Head Fred was designed specifically for the PSP , and Vicious Cycle intended it to be their " flagship " title for the system . However , the game 's designers have hinted that the game could potentially be ported to the PlayStation Network or Xbox Live Arcade with a few months ' work . As of March 2009 , D3Publisher has announced a sequel , but the designers have stated that subsequent titles were discussed during the game 's development . John C. McGinley has expressed interest in reprising Fred . Namco Bandai Games ( the parent of D3 ) were impressed with the game and wanted to publish the sequel because they ' wanted ' to test out Vicious Cycle 's Gameplay on the PSP .
Of the brothers , John in particular had scholarly and artistic leanings . He was the dedicatee of Walter Haddon 's Cantabrigienses ( 1552 ) and Thomas Wilson 's Arte of Rhetoricke ( 1553 ) . As late as 1570 , John Dee dedicated his Mathematicall Praeface to Euclid 's Elements to the long deceased young man 's memory , praising his use of arithmetics and " hearty love to virtuous sciences " . Dudley had his own small library with books in French , Italian and Latin as well as a Greek grammar , and " a tragedie in english of the unjust supremacie of the bushope of Rome " .
Japan search from September 17 to September 23 . Nice Boat had become so well known that it was used in other media . The meme appeared as an Easter egg in the first episode of Ef : A Tale of Memories . , and was parodied on February 13 , 2009 when the Kadokawa Pictures YouTube channel uploaded a short montage of sailboats instead of the previously scheduled premiere of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya . 0verflow capitalized on the popularity of the phrase , naming their booth at Comiket 73 " Nice boat . " and selling meme inspired merchandise .
In light of the Trojans close victory , USC dropped in both major polls , falling to No. 13 in the AP Poll and No. 9 in the Coaches Poll , tied with previously No. 2 California , which had just lost an upset to Oregon State . The Trojans debuted at No. 14 in the season 's first Bowl Championship Series standings , used to determine which two teams play in the BCS National Championship Game . USC visited inter sectional rival Notre Dame for their 79th annual game for possession of the Jeweled Shillelagh . Pre season demand for tickets was among the highest in Notre Dame history as USC made its first visit back to Notre Dame Stadium since the notable 2005 " Bush Push " game ; demand remained high although , going into the season , the Fighting Irish were unranked .
The failure to take Port Moresby in May 1942 would have significant and far reaching strategic implications , many of which involved the small Japanese naval base at Tulagi . Despite the damaging air attacks to their ships and landing forces , the Japanese proceeded with the construction of the naval seaplane base at Tulagi and Gavutu , receiving more shipments of troops and construction workers over the next several months . The base was soon operational with aircraft from the Yokohama Air Group which conducted air reconnaissance patrols throughout the surrounding area beginning on 6 May . On 27 May , the Japanese inspected the Lunga Point area on Guadalcanal as a possible location to build a large airfield .
Later that night an Indonesian radio broadcast announced that 23 Indonesian military personnel had been accidentally killed during a training exercise . Jackson was subsequently awarded the Military Medal for his " complete disregard for his own safety , [ which ] prevented the Indonesians from landing on the near bank and attacking the other members of the ambush . He contributed much to the overwhelming success of the engagement " ; while Beale received the Military Cross for " his personal bravery , inspiring leadership , judgment and skill " . Further Claret operations followed in quick succession , making June the most intensive month of the Australian battalion 's tour in Borneo , and its most successful .
Heemsbergen added that " Ormond shows reverence for Sakimoto 's original material while exploring musical ideas in a style all his own " and praised the variety of the music . Kotowski praised both the " variety of moods " covered by the pieces as well as the overall cohesiveness of the album . Kiss Me Good Bye is the theme song of Final Fantasy XII , and is the third Japanese single by Angela Aki . The only vocal piece in the game , it was set to tunes composed by Nobuo Uematsu , arranged by Kenichiro Fukui and produced by Motoki Matsuoka .
He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah , singing qawwalis and finally to Khatana 's place , making it his home . Ustad Jameel Khan ( Shammi Kapoor ) , a Padma Bhushan classical artist , remembers JJ singing at the Dargah , and prompts Dhingra ( Piyush Mishra ) , the owner of a music company called " Platinum Records " , to sign JJ as he foresees a bright future for him . When Sheena ( Aditi Rao Hydari ) , a journalist interviewing Jordan as a rockstar , hints to Jordan that Dhingra intends to send some artists to Prague for a tour and recordings , he instantly volunteers to work there to reunite with Heer .
Instead we brought death and destruction for which you have never blamed us . This stone marks our admiration for your great courage remembering especially the women who tended our wounded . In the long winter that followed your families risked death by hiding Allied soldiers and Airmen while members of the resistance led many to safety . " The progress of the battle was widely reported in the British press , thanks largely to the efforts of two BBC reporters ( Stanley Maxted and Guy Byam ) and three journalists ( newspaper reporters Alan Wood of the Daily Express and Jack Smyth of Reuters ) who accompanied the British forces .
Moreover , the Polish schools are closed during at least five months out of the ten months of the school year due to lack of coal or other fuel . Of twenty thirty spacious school buildings which Kraków had before 1939 , today the worst two buildings are used ... Every day , pupils have to study in several shifts . Under such circumstances , the school day , which normally lasts five hours , is reduced to one hour . In the General Government , the remaining schools were subjugated to the German educational system , and the number and competence of their Polish staff was steadily scaled down .
It was an indication of the importance of the research station that the government and fruit producers were prepared to give financial support for its work . In 1938 the 360 acre Bradbourne House estate was added to the site . As a result of research work carried out on the site , the station established a reputation as a world centre for the research of perennial crops . Horticultural Research International operated the site until 2009 until 1 April 2010 , since when the research station has been owned by the East Malling Trust . The station is fully engaged with local business and contains a lecture hall that can take 200 delegates .
The player 's mission is to fly an attack helicopter from an offshore aircraft carrier and retrieve the captives by landing on a helipad on the island . This rescue mission stands out from the normal courses in that the player does more than maneuver a craft . As the player flies over the island , they must successfully dodge anti aircraft fire from ground based turrets , and , although the helicopter is able to fire missiles to destroy the artillery , a single hit to the craft causes the game to end . The helicopter has forward , backward , left , and right pitch controls , rotor throttle controls for altitude , and left and right missile firing controls .
His life was saved by the illness and death of the king , as a result of an infection or an abscess in his ear . When Catherine had realized Francis was going to die , she made a pact with Antoine de Bourbon by which he would renounce his right to the regency of the future king , Charles IX , in return for the release of his brother Condé . As a result , when Francis died on 5 December 1560 , the Privy Council appointed Catherine as governor of France ( gouvernante de France ) , with sweeping powers .
In 1954 he wanted to interview the French prime minister , Pierre Mendès France , and approached the novelist François Mauriac , a friend of Mendès France , for an introduction . He writes : " The problem was that [ Mauriac ] was in love with Jesus . He was the most decent person I ever met in that field ... and he was in love with Jesus . ... Whatever I would ask – Jesus . Finally , I said , ' What about Mendès France ? ' He said that Mendès France , like Jesus , was suffering ... " Wiesel started writing on board a ship to Brazil , where he had been assigned to cover Christian missionaries within Jewish communities , and by the end of the journey had completed an 862 page manuscript .
The schooner suffered considerable damage and three men drowned . The next day , further north , the barque Acacia fell onto its beam ends , but managed to reach safety . Throughout October 16 the hurricane traveled northward , parallel to the East Coast of the United States . The ship Oder reported losing its sails in a hurricane off Sable Island that day . The storm became extratropical around midday on October 16 and dissipated completely by October 17 . Based on meteorological records kept by an officer of the U.S. steamer James Adger , a strong tropical storm was centered to the northwest of Aspinwall , Panama from November 22 through to November 25 .
In wartime , a Vulcan would leave visual identification of potential targets to Buccaneers or Canberras , and could coordinate attacks by Buccaneers against hostile shipping . Though initially equipped with a number of B.2 aircraft , the Squadron eventually operated nine B.2 ( MRR ) aircraft ( also known by the unofficial designation SR.2 ) . The aircraft were modified for the role by removing the Terrain Following Radar ( and its thimble radome ) and adding the LORAN C radio navigation aid . The main external visual difference was the presence of a gloss paint finish , with a light grey undersurface , to protect against sea spray .
Pauline Kael believed that Streep had been miscast . Streep next played opposite Robert De Niro in the romance Falling in Love ( 1984 ) , which was poorly received , and portrayed a fighter for the French Resistance during World War II in the British drama Plenty ( 1985 ) . For the latter , Roger Ebert wrote that she conveyed " great subtlety ; it is hard to play an unbalanced , neurotic , self destructive woman , and do it with such gentleness and charm ... Streep creates a whole character around a woman who could have simply been a catalogue of symptoms .
Jonah also converted to Islam . With no time to make a coordinated plan of attack for the whole army , Khalid decided to storm the East Gate himself . He , Qa 'qa ibn Amr , and Mazur ibn Adi climbed the wall hand by hand from the side of the gate . This part of the wall was the strongest , no guard was stationed at the top . They secured ropes to the wall and dropped them to 100 selected soldiers waiting at the base . Leaving a few men to assist the climbers , Khalid descended into the city , killing the guards at the inside of the East Gate .
Other possible titles included Fear of Women and Cruise Down Main Street , the latter a reference to the Rolling Stones ' record Exile on Main St. and the cruise missiles launched on Baghdad during the Gulf War . Most of the proposed titles were rejected out of the belief that people would see them as pretentious and " another Big Statement from U2 " . As early as December 1990 , the music press reported that U2 would be recording a dance oriented album and that it would be released in mid 1991 . In August 1991 , sound collage artists Negativland released an EP entitled U2 that parodied U2 's song " I Still Haven 't Found What I 'm Looking For " .
Jackson , the first son and third child of Alexander and Margaret Jackson , was born in 1909 at Rutherglen , a small town near Glasgow in Scotland . His father had spent part of his childhood in Australia and returned with his family to settle in Balmain , a suburb of Sydney , in 1913 . Raised as a Methodist , Jackson was a lifelong teetotaller and non smoker . He attended Birchgrove Public and Rozelle Junior Technical schools and represented New South Wales Schoolboys at football and cricket . Football talent ran in the family : his uncle Jimmy Jackson and cousin James Jackson , Jr. were both professional footballers in Scotland and England , the latter captaining Liverpool .
The group 's closest relatives are the slender lorises of southern India and Sri Lanka . Their next closest relatives are the African lorisids , the pottos , false pottos , and angwantibos . They are less closely related to the remaining lorisoids ( the various types of galago ) , and more distantly to the lemurs of Madagascar . Their evolutionary history is uncertain since their fossil record is patchy and molecular clock studies have given inconsistent results . Slow lorises have a round head , a narrow snout , large eyes , and a variety of distinctive coloration patterns that are species dependent .
The planetary spheres were arranged outwards from the spherical , stationary Earth at the centre of the universe in this order : the spheres of the Moon , Mercury , Venus , Sun , Mars , Jupiter , and Saturn . In more detailed models the seven planetary spheres contained other secondary spheres within them . The planetary spheres were followed by the stellar sphere containing the fixed stars ; other scholars added a ninth sphere to account for the precession of the equinoxes , a tenth to account for the supposed trepidation of the equinoxes , and even an eleventh to account for the changing obliquity of the ecliptic .
Though the banditti continued to plague areas of northern Illinois , they were largely eradicated from Ogle County , following the lynching of the Driscolls . However , both the Banditti and the Regulators continued to be active . In Winnebago County , in early July 1841 , the offices of the Rock River Express were ransacked , an early predecessor to the Rockford Register Star , the daily newspaper of Rockford , Illinois . The offices were likely trashed in response to a scathing editorial published by the Express speaking out against the vigilante action taken by the Regulators .
They found her at the kill just after dawn with her three 14 month old cubs and they watched uninterrupted for the next ten hours . During this period the family was joined by two adult females and one adult male , all offspring from Padmini 's previous litters , and by two unrelated tigers , one female the other unidentified . By three o 'clock there were no fewer than nine tigers round the kill . Occasionally , male tigers participate in raising cubs , usually their own , but this is extremely rare and not always well understood .
To the east , in northern Wyoming and Montana , the Continental Divide separates the Columbia watershed from the Mississippi Missouri watershed , which empties into the Gulf of Mexico . To the northeast , mostly along the southern border between British Columbia and Alberta , the Continental Divide separates the Columbia watershed from the Nelson Lake Winnipeg Saskatchewan watershed , which empties into Hudson Bay . The Mississippi and Nelson watersheds are separated by the Laurentian Divide , which meets the Continental Divide at Triple Divide Peak near the headwaters of the Columbia 's Flathead River tributary . This point marks the meeting of three of North America 's main drainage patterns , to the Pacific Ocean , to Hudson Bay , and to the Atlantic Ocean via the Gulf of Mexico .
Thome hit 47 home runs in his first season with the Phillies , finishing one behind Mike Schmidt 's single season team record of 48 in 1980 , and tied with Alex Rodriguez for the MLB lead in 2003 . On June 14 , 2004 at Citizens Bank Park , Thome hit his 400th career home run , surpassing Al Kaline for 37th on the all time home run list . He ended the 2004 Phillies season with 42 home runs . In 2004 , Thome won the Lou Gehrig Memorial Award , which is given to players who best exemplify Gehrig 's character and integrity both on and off the field .
Agnes appears to have been motivated by a desire for the wealth that would follow her second marriage to Sir Edward , but in 1523 Agnes and the two servants were hung for murder in London . Due to this execution , Edward 's son , another Walter , inherited the castle instead of Agnes . Walter became a political client of Thomas Cromwell , the powerful chief minister of Henry VIII , and operated on his behalf in the local region . Walter became dissatisfied with his third wife , Elizabeth , after her father became a political liability to him , and Walter detained her in one of the castle towers for several years .
Recent versions tend to take the following form : The rhyme is a single stanza in trochaic metre , which is common in nursery rhymes and relatively easy for younger children to master . The Roud Folk Song Index , which catalogues folk songs and their variations by number , classifies the song as 4439 and variations have been collected across Great Britain and North America . This rhyme was first printed in Tommy Thumb 's Pretty Song Book , the oldest surviving collection of English language nursery rhymes , published c . 1744 with the lyrics very similar to those still used today : In the next surviving printing , in Mother Goose 's Melody ( c .
However , Usher says that she must deal with it before she can accept the truth . For the lines " It 's been fifty eleven days / Umpteen hours / I 'm gonna be burnin ' / Till you return " , the direction changes after Usher realized that breaking up with her was a huge mistake and that he wanted her back to him . " Burn " was lauded by contemporary music critics . Jem Aswad of Entertainment Weekly complimented Dupri and Cox for producing what he called the " best song " from the album , along with " Confessions Part II " which they also produced .
Galileo 's theoretical and experimental work on the motions of bodies , along with the largely independent work of Kepler and René Descartes , was a precursor of the classical mechanics developed by Sir Isaac Newton . Galileo conducted several experiments with pendulums . It is popularly believed ( thanks to the biography by Vincenzo Viviani ) that these began by watching the swings of the bronze chandelier in the cathedral of Pisa , using his pulse as a timer . Later experiments are described in his Two New Sciences . Galileo claimed that a simple pendulum is isochronous , i.e. that its swings always take the same amount of time , independently of the amplitude .
McLelland characterizes Barazoku as containing " some well crafted stories which might be better described as erotic rather than pornographic " , while the manga in G men were " more relentlessly sexual " , with less attention to characterization and mood . The 1990s saw increased media focus on LGBT people in Japan , and a large increase in the production of such works written by gay men . Gengoroh Tagame has been called the most influential creator of gay manga in Japan to date . Most of his work first appeared in gay magazines and usually feature sexual abuse .
Neglect of Burger King by new owner Grand Met and its successor Diageo , further hurt the standing of the brand , causing significant financial damage to BK franchises and straining relations between the parties . By 2001 and after nearly 18 years of stagnant growth , the state of its franchises was beginning to affect the value of the company . One of the franchises most heavily affected by the lack of growth was the nearly 400 store AmeriKing . By 2001 , the franchise owner , which until this point had been struggling under a nearly US $ 300 million debt load and been shedding stores across the US , was forced to enter Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
" Cory Edwards wrote into the magazine , expressing his similar sentiments and writing , " As the writer director of Hoodwinked , it may surprise you that I couldn ’ t agree more with James Poniewozik ’ s article . Even as I was making the film , I asked myself the same question : Are we parodying something that kids should have the chance to experience first , ' un parodied ? ' We went to great lengths to distance our film from Shrek ’ s humor ( and no , I don ’ t think Shrek considers kids ) .
She said , " I have buried my angel and with him my happiness . " Surviving letters between Alexandra and her children indicate that they were mutually devoted . In 1894 , her brother in law Alexander III of Russia died and her nephew Nicholas II of Russia became Tsar . Alexandra 's widowed sister , the Dowager Empress , leant heavily on her for support ; Alexandra slept , prayed , and stayed beside her sister for the next two weeks until Alexander 's burial . With the death of her mother in law , Queen Victoria , in 1901 , Alexandra became queen empress consort to the new king .
Pilcher disapproved of his sister in law , particularly after her marriage to John MacBride , and relations were frequently strained ; however , the two sisters remained close . The couple would have a daughter , Thora , and three sons – Toby , Tommy , and Pat . The elder son , Gonne ( " Toby " , to his family ) , became a Judge of the High Court of Justice , while Tommy would be killed at the Battle of Neuve Chapelle in 1915 , aged 21 . Pilcher 's marriage was not a happy one ; a gambler and womaniser , he expected his independently wealthy wife to bail out his debts and turn a blind eye to his mistresses .
The building still features the school 's name above the door . The present building on Queen Victoria Street was designed by City of London architect Thomas Meddings , an Old Citizen of the school as well as a former Temple Church chorister . It is a wholly modern building , although some of the stained glass and sculptures from the Victoria Embankment building has been relocated to this new building . A design and technology block was added to the building in 1990 , though in 2008 , the block was transformed into a building mainly used by the ICT and music departments , although some design and technology facilities remain .
Đurić recalls : " My father fought in this war , my brother for almost five years and my mother was killed in 1993 by the Muslim army . They bombed our village and it hit my home directly . A really big bomb and my mother died instantly [ ... ] So many people like me lost mothers and fathers in this bloody civil war but for me I hold no grudges . I don ’ t look at race , I look at people by their hearts and here in Singapore I adopted a Muslim child . " With just 300 Deutsche Marks on him , Đurić left for Serbia where he played football in the second division for one season and then Sweden , where he trained with AIK Solna and was offered refugee status which he rejected .
At one point , Tom describes the nicknames he has for various foods , and describes sandwiches as " sammies , sandoozles or Adam Sandlers " , the latter of which refers to the comedian and actor Adam Sandler . Andy tells Chris his favorite food is Skittles sandwiched between two Starburst , which he calls " Andy 's Mouth Surprise " . When Leslie describes her ideal date as a dark and mysterious man who can play the organ , Ann says she believes Leslie is describing the title character from The Phantom of the Opera , a story about a deformed man who haunts an opera hall .
This scene was a reference to the character of Lolita in Stanley Kubrick 's 1962 film of the same name , and Audrey Hepburn in the movie Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( 1961 ) . The image then fades to white , denoting the celestial stars dazzle , and then resumes itself in color . Madonna is shown dancing against a stark white background , along with closeups of her mesmerised gaze . She is accompanied by Belle and brother Christopher , as backup dancers . The video ends with the initial black and white image repeated , but in retrograde , as Madonna puts back on the sunglasses .
After splitting the rest of the war between voyages to North America and Africa , Empire Simba was loaded with chemical weapons in August 1945 and scuttled west of Ireland . The West ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the United States Shipping Board ( USSB ) for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word West , like West Cohas , one of some 24 West ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle , Washington .
The Escape Orbit ( 1964 ; title Open Prison in the UK ) , which was short listed for a Nebula Award , chronicles the efforts of human prisoners of war to survive after being dumped on a hostile planet without tools or weapons . All Judgement Fled ( 1968 ) , which won the 1979 Europa prize , was described by Mike Resnick as his favourite among White 's novels and as " Rendezvous with Rama done right . " White 's other novels not part of the Sector General series are : The Secret Visitors ( 1957 ) The Watch Below ( 1966 ) Tomorrow is Too Far ( 1971 ) Dark Inferno ( 1972 ) ( alternate title : Lifeboat ) The Dream Millennium ( 1974 ) Underkill ( 1979 ) Federation World ( 1988 ) The Silent Stars Go By ( 1991 ) Earth : Final Conflict : First Protector ( 1999 ) The title story of White 's collection Deadly Litter ( 1964 ) anticipated the dangers of space debris although there had been only a few orbital missions .
By the end of the 1990s and into the early 2000s pop music consisted mostly of a combination of pop hip hop and R & B tinged pop , including a number of boy bands . Notable female singers also cemented their status in American and Worldwide popular music , such as Beyonce ( with her solo career and as lead singer of Destiny 's Child ) , Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera , Katy Perry , Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift . Also notable was the influence of hip hop producers on popular music in the mid late 2000s , including the Neptunes and Timbaland , who made the sounds first heard on Justin Timberlake 's FutureSex / LoveSounds and Nelly Furtado 's Loose imitated throughout popular radio with artists Madonna , Akon and Lady Gaga .
Each colossus has areas covered with fur or protruding ledges , which Wander may use to grip and scale the colossus while it thrashes about in an attempt to dislodge him . While scaling a colossus , the player must act quickly , as Wander has a limited stamina gauge that decreases while he hangs onto the creature . Wander and the colossi have life bars to indicate their remaining health . A colossus ' health will decrease significantly when its weak points are attacked , while Wander can be harmed by a colossus ' attacks or a fall from great height .
He would rather live in exile with his principles intact than continue to reign as a limited monarch . " Tim Harris 's conclusions from his 2006 book summarised the ambivalence of modern scholarship towards James II : The jury will doubtless remain out on James for a long time ... Was he an egotistical bigot ... a tyrant who rode roughshod over the will of the vast majority of his subjects ( at least in England and Scotland ) ... simply naïve , or even perhaps plain stupid , unable to appreciate the realities of political power ... Or was he a well intentioned and even enlightened ruler — an enlightened despot well ahead of his time , perhaps — who was merely trying to do what he thought was best for his subjects ?
She was ordered in May 1938 as part of Germany 's naval rearmament program . Her keel was laid down in Bremen in November 1938 . After roughly seven months of construction , she was launched in June 1940 and formally commissioned into the Kriegsmarine in September 1940 . During her three year career , U 105 sank 23 vessels for a total loss of 125,470 gross register tons ( GRT ) before being sunk by the Free French Forces off the coast of Dakar ( Senegal ) in June 1943 . U 105 was ordered by Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine on 24 May 1938 ; her keel was laid down on 16 November 1938 by DeSchiMAG AG Weser in Bremen as yard number 968 .
In the United Kingdom , Celebration debuted at number one , selling 77,000 copies in the first week . It became Madonna 's eleventh number one release on the UK Albums Chart , tying her with Elvis Presley as the solo act with the most number one albums in the British chart history . The album was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for shipment of 300,000 copies across the United Kingdom . According to the Official Charts Company , Celebration has sold 370,231 copies in the United Kingdom as of February 2013 . From 2009 to 2012 , the album had three separate chart runs within the top 100 of the albums chart .
Only the Beach Boys were able to sustain a creative career into the mid 1960s , producing a string of hit singles and albums , including the highly regarded Pet Sounds in 1966 , which made them , arguably , the only American rock or pop act that could rival The Beatles . By the end of 1962 , what would become the British rock scene had started with beat groups like the Beatles , Gerry & the Pacemakers and the Searchers from Liverpool and Freddie and the Dreamers , Herman 's Hermits and the Hollies from Manchester . They drew on a wide range of American influences including soul , rhythm and blues and surf music , initially reinterpreting standard American tunes and playing for dancers .
Donaghy was released on a $ 250,000 bond and awaited sentencing on January 25 , 2008 . On June 19 , 2008 , the NBA filed a demand that Donaghy reimburse the league for the costs of his airfare and meals , complimentary game tickets , and other expenses , including $ 750 in shoes . Donaghy 's lawyer said that this was the league trying to retaliate against Donaghy for his misconduct . A judge delayed sentencing to allow for more time to decide how much restitution Donaghy and two co conspirators should pay the NBA for their roles in the betting scandal .
However , it did not take long for Fàbregas to become one of the most coveted and celebrated young talents in the game with his success at Arsenal . Functioning mostly as a playmaker and renowned for his passing range , he was described as the general of Arsenal 's first team , bringing vision , creativity , and an innate understanding of timing and space to Arsenal 's intricate passing game , displaying maturity that belied his age . He was the main creative force when he was at Arsenal , as exemplified by his 16 assists in all competitions in the 2006 – 07 season .
On the facts of the case , the Court found that Article 9 had not been infringed by the prosecution of three air force officers for proselytizing to their subordinates , since the hierarchical nature of military life meant it was difficult for a subordinate to rebuff the approaches of persons of superior rank . Thus , a conversation which might be regarded as a harmless exchange of ideas in a civilian context could be seen in a military setting as harassment or the imposition of undue pressure in abuse of power . In addition to Article 15 , there are other provisions in the Constitution that protect religious freedom .
Floods in some areas reached 16 m ( 52 ft ) deep . Where Gretelle made landfall , most buildings were damaged or destroyed excluding those made of concrete , leaving about 80,000 people homeless . Among the wrecked buildings included a hospital and a prison . About 95 % of homes in Vondrozo were wrecked , and in Farafangana , 90 % of government buildings were destroyed . In both southern Midongy and Vangaindrano , nearly every building was destroyed . Gretelle damaged or destroyed 1,538 homes in Manakara . Reports from the Red Cross indicated that Gretelle was the severest in the region " in living memory " , with many people surviving the high tides and winds by " clinging to trees " .
This complexity shut out casual players , and the market for fighting games became smaller and more specialized . Furthermore , arcades gradually became less profitable throughout the 1990s due to the increased technical power and popularity of home consoles . Even as popularity dwindled , the fighting game genre continued to evolve ; several strong 3D fighting games also emerged in the late 1990s . Namco 's Tekken ( released in arcades in 1994 and on the PlayStation in 1995 ) proved critical to the PlayStation 's early success , with its sequels also becoming some of the console 's most important titles .
She may also be depicted holding a child sitting on her lap , like Matrikas are often depicted . Matsya Varahi is depicted as two armed , with spiral coiled hair and holding a fish ( matsya ) and a kapala . The fish and wine cup kapala are special characteristics of Tantric Shakta images of Varahi , the fish being exclusive to Tantric descriptions . The vahana ( vehicle ) of Varahi is usually described as a buffalo ( Mahisha ) . In Vaishnava and Shakta images , she is depicted as either standing or seated on a lotus pitha ( pedestral ) or on her vahana ( a buffalo ) or on its head , or on a boar , the serpent Shesha , a lion , or on Garuda ( the eagle man vahana of Vishnu ) .
The national average for the 2006 elections was 66.6 % . Similar trends can be seen from previous elections . In fact , the percentage difference in the PAP votes between SMCs and GRCs grew from 3 % in 1991 , and remained stable at around 5 % in the 1997 , 2001 and 2006 elections . This may be attributable to the enlargement of the size of GRCs in 1997 which gave greater effect to the law of large numbers . Constitution of the Republic of Singapore ( 1999 Reprint ) . Parliamentary Elections Act ( Cap . 218 , 2007 Rev. Ed .
After slightly weakening , Mekkhala tracked northwestward and made landfall over Dolores , Eastern Samar of the Philippines at around 15 : 00 Philippine Standard Time ( 07 : 00 UTC ) , where Typhoon Hagupit also made landfall the month before . Both the JMA and the JTWC downgraded Mekkhala to a tropical storm on January 17 , due to land interaction weakening the storm significantly . Mekkhala eroded further while crossing the Bicol Region on January 18 , leading the JTWC to downgrade it to a tropical depression when it turned northward and emerged into the Philippine Sea .
The female has a single functional ovary ( on the right ) and two functional uteruses , divided into separate compartments for each embryo . Newly ovulated egg cases measure 3.9 cm ( 1.5 in ) by 2.6 cm ( 1.0 in ) ; after hatching the embryos are sustained by a yolk sac during the first stage of development . After two months , the embryo measures 4 cm ( 1.6 in ) long and has well developed external gills . After four months , the yolk sac has begun to be converted into a placental connection that attaches to the uterine wall ; at this time , the embryo 's dark fin markings develop .
Over the period of one week , both sides fired over 8,000 rounds of artillery shells on Hill 224 , and the South Vietnamese air force conducted over 60 bombing sorties in an attempt to halt the advances of the North Vietnamese 2nd Army Corps . On March 13 , amidst heavy fighting in the northern provinces of South Vietnam , General Ngô Quang Trưởng flew out to Saigon for a meeting with President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu . In this meeting , President Thiệu outlined his decision to abandon most of the provinces in I Corps Tactical Zone , and ordered General Trưởng to withdraw his forces towards the coastal regions of central Vietnam instead .
These skulls were likely those of Camarasaurus , the only other sauropod for which good skull material was known at the time . The mount construction was overseen by Adam Hermann , who failed to find Apatosaurus skulls . Hermann was forced to sculpt a stand in skull by hand . Osborn said in a publication that the skull was " largely conjectural and based on that of Morosaurus " ( now Camarasaurus ) . In 1903 , Elmer Riggs published a study that described a well preserved skeleton of a diplodocid from the Grand River Valley near Fruita , Colorado , Field Museum of Natural History specimen P25112 .
Both the Gratiot and Cerre families intermarried with the Chouteau family to create a Creole dominated society in the 1780s and 1790s . The families also had marital ties to Spanish government officials , including the lieutenant governors Piernas and Cruzat . During the 1790s , towns near St. Louis expanded as small farmers sold their lands to the Cerres , Gratiots , Soulards , or Chouteaus . These farmers moved to towns such as Carondelet , St. Charles , and Florissant . By 1800 , only 43 % of the district 's population lived within the village ( 1,039 of 2,447 ) .
While in prison , Malcolm X became a member of the Nation of Islam , and after his parole in 1952 , quickly rose to become one of the organization 's most influential leaders . He served as the public face of the controversial group for a dozen years . In his autobiography , Malcolm X wrote proudly of some of the social achievements the Nation made while he was a member , particularly its free drug rehabilitation program . The Nation promoted black supremacy , advocated the separation of black and white Americans , and rejected the civil rights movement for its emphasis on integration .
Through the first month of the season , Seerey had six home runs , but his performance worsened as the season went on . At the end of June , Seerey was removed from the starting lineup and replaced by both Dale Mitchell and Hank Edwards ; he spent the rest of the season playing part time . He finished the season with a .171 batting average and 11 home runs in 82 games . After the 1947 season ended , Indians owner Bill Veeck put Seerey on a strict diet and exercise regimen for the offseason , stating that he had to lose 35 pounds if he wanted to remain on the team .
I don 't see the connection . [ ... ] I had lunch with Billy years ago in Hollywood ... and I thought he was a very likeable guy . He had a sense of humour about what he was doing that is not apparent in the product he puts out . If I run into him again , we can have a good laugh about what he 's doing now ! " Shawn P. Wilbur , a left libertarian academic then associated with the Bowling Green State University , closely critiqued the concept of the supposed " cyberpunk movement " .
The book borrowed formalism 's concepts of an aesthetic function and dominance of different elements of language . Unlike Russian formalism , however , Wellek and Warren 's theory recognized the possibility of factors outside the work being studied , although Wellek and Warren continued to emphasize aspects within the work itself . Also unlike their forerunners , Wellek and Warren saw aesthetic value as not the defamiliarization of the mundane , but an interaction among the strata derived from Roman Ingarden 's work : the phonological ( sound ) level at the base , then semantic ( meaning ) , and the " world " created by literature .
Elias Leight of the PopMatters website wrote that a recurring theme in the album — also represented in " You 're Not the One " — is Ferreira 's " rejection of the opposite sex " . The song 's official remix , produced by Cid Rim , removes the " pop rock " edge of the song in favor of an electronica and hip hop influenced sound . In this version , the verses display handclaps underneath Ferreira 's vocals , which are more pitched than in the original and " cut up " as well . Carl Williott of Idolator billed it as " an intriguing listen " .
Yet , this highly attuned sensibility separates the classes along emotional lines : only the middle class Mary is able to understand what the poor around her require . Wollstonecraft modelled Mary after herself , even to the point of giving the heroine her own name . Using free indirect discourse , which blurs the line between the third person narrator and the first person dialogue of a text , she ties the narrator 's voice , which resembles the " Wollstonecraft " of the advertisement , to the heroine . This rhetorical device highlights the autobiographical elements in the story and emphasizes the reality of " the fiction " .
Fighting between the Picts , led by Óengus 's son Bridei , and the Dál Riata , led by Talorgan mac Congussa , is recorded in 731 . In 733 , Dúngal mac Selbaig " profaned [ the sanctuary ] of Tory Island when he dragged Bridei out of it . " Dúngal , previously deposed as overking of Dál Riata , was overthrown as king of the Cenél Loairn and replaced by his first cousin Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig . In 734 Talorgan mac Congussa was handed over to the Picts by his brother and drowned by them . Talorgan son of Drostan was captured near Dún Ollaigh .
Consequently , the student body dedicated an area in front of Boland Hall to those that suffered from the fire called " The Remember Seal " and stronger university fire safety precautions were executed . On the 150th anniversary ( 1856 – 2006 ) of the university ’ s founding , Seton Hall initiated the Ever Forward capital campaign to raise a total of $ 150 million . The campaign was the most prestigious building campaign in the University ’ s long history . The funds were directed to many areas throughout the university , however a majority went toward building and reconstructing campus facilities and historic sites .
To the north – north – east , 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) away on the southern edge of the Judean Hills , the Tuweiyil Abu Jerwal rises to 1,558 feet ( 475 m ) behind the town , overlooking it by 700 feet ( 210 m ) ; lower hills range east and south , with a spur of the plateau of Edom on the south east , extending towards the town . Since ancient times , the town had been a trading centre , with roads radiating from it in all directions . To the north east the only sealed , metalled motor road in the region , stretched along a spine of the Judean Hills to Jerusalem , via Edh Dhahriye , Hebron and Bethlehem , along the Wadi el Khalil ( a tributary of the Wadi es Saba ) .
The episode was also featured in similar lists by the Los Angeles Times , TV Guide , National Post , and ABC2 . Jason Snell of The Incomparable thought similarly , saying " Skippable ? Are you kidding ? If you could watch only one first season episode of “ Lost , ” this might be it . " The episode also shaped how O 'Quinn viewed his character , as he was unaware that Locke would be paralyzed until reading the script . To the actor , " Walkabout and the fifth season episode " The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham " are the two installments which " sort of ( summarize ) [ Locke 's ] whole trip .
However , the film was not released on December 19 because an advertisement in Moving Picture World in January 1911 said that the release would be delayed for a " few days " . It is unknown , and unlikely , if the film actually was released because no other publications , ads or materials surrounding the Gnome Motion Picture Company followed . Unlike the first two productions which were the subject of published synopses , Alice 's New Year 's Party was the subject of no detail in trade publications . This production was never given an exact release date , but was later affirmed to be set for a " Christmas week " release .
It once occupied a strategic location at the north western end of the Wantsum Channel , a sea lane that separated the Isle of Thanet and the Kent mainland until the late Middle Ages . This led the Romans to build a small fort there at the time of their conquest of Britain in 43 AD , and , starting late in the 2nd century , they built a larger fort , or castrum , called Regulbium , which later became one of the chain of Saxon Shore forts . The military connection resumed in the Second World War , when the sea off Reculver was used for testing Barnes Wallis 's bouncing bombs .
Amy , holding a gun at her , demands River explain what she said to the Doctor , and so River shows Amy and Rory the cot . Initially Amy believes River is referring to the Gallifreyan symbols engraved on it , but they cannot be read by humans even with the aid of the TARDIS translation system . Instead , River shows them Bucket 's cloth prayer leaf with Melody 's name , still in the cot . Amy tells River she knows her daughter 's name ; River tells her the people of the Gamma Forest do not have a word for " Pond " , as the only water in the forest is the river .
This leads some scholars to believe there was a proto Slavic divinity or demon called Baba , associated with bad weather . Traces of beliefs in that demon are preserved among South Slavs in expressions for the bad weather common in early spring ( baba Marta , babini jarci , babine huke , etc . ) . Brought to the Balkans from the ancient homeland , these beliefs combined with those of the native populations , eventually developing into the personage of the ala . The pre Slavic Balkan source of the ala is related to the vlva , female demons of bad weather of the Vlachs of Serbia , who , like ale , led hail clouds over crops to ruin them , and uprooted trees .
Saavedra and Funes did not like him , but with the social commotion generated by Alberti 's death , they avoided to offer resistance to his nomination . Alberti requested in his will to avoid pageantry or complex funerals , and inherited his properties ( house , farm , furniture , slaves , clothing , books , etc . ) to his siblings Juana María , Matilde , Casimira and Manuel Silvestre . His personal diaries are kept , but with some parts of them being lost due to poor keeping . Still , his personal bibliography is used by historians to reconstruct his influences and ideological background .
Horsfield made his Albion debut in a 1 – 0 defeat away to Coventry City on 20 December 2003 . The following month he scored his first goal for the club , in a 2 – 0 win against Albion 's local rivals Walsall . It was the first of three goals he scored during January 2004 , earning him the PFA First Division Player of the Month award . In all he scored seven goals for Albion during 2003 – 04 , helping the club to achieve promotion to the Premier League . The team struggled in their first season back in the top division , while Horsfield scored just three goals in 29 league appearances .
In particular , a different type of rock had been struck , and 60 tonnes ( 59 long tons ; 66 short tons ) of concrete had been injected without this giving the desired effects . On 30 September , Selmer stopped construction from the Bjorøy side , although it continued from the mainland . About 750 metres ( 2,460 ft ) from the Bjorøy side , the construction found a section of sandstone , the upper Jurassic Bjorøy formation , a condition that had never been encountered during subsea tunnel construction before . Geological engineers stated that there was no known solution to overcoming the problem , and that if the contractor had blasted into the area , the tunnel would have been filled with sand and water within minutes .
She said , " She pretended she was a man so no other man could touch her " . Despite the criticism , Kevin Okeefe , writing for Out , defended Swank 's acceptance speech ; he said , " Swank deserves a place in the great acceptance speech canon for being bold , not only as an actress , but as an award winner " . Boys Don 't Cry garnered significant attention for its graphic rape scene . The film was initially assigned an NC 17 rating from the MPAA ; the content was toned down for the U.S. release , where it was rated R. Peirce was interviewed for a 2005 documentary titled This Film Is Not Yet Rated , which discussed the film 's problems with the MPAA , particularly the censoring of the sex scenes .
In 1873 a large wooden addition was built north of the stone house , which became a hotel known as the North Mountain House . The hotel had one of the first summer schools in the United States in 1876 and 1877 . A branch railroad line to the lake served the hotel and also hauled ice cut from the lake for refrigeration . The hotel closed in 1903 , though the house remained the Ricketts family summer home . After the death of R. Bruce Ricketts in 1918 , his heirs sold much of his 80,000 acres ( 32,000 ha ) to the state for Pennsylvania State Game Lands and Ricketts Glen State Park .
The score marked Michigan 's fourth touchdown in four drives as Michigan scored 28 unanswered points after UMass took the 17 – 7 lead . UMass scored on a 7 yard touchdown run by Havens at 13 : 47 of the fourth quarter . On Michigan 's first possession of the fourth quarter , Shaw led the way with a 50 yard run and a 4 yard touchdown run to put Michigan ahead 42 – 24 . UMass responded with its second touchdown of the quarter on a five yard pass from Havens to Julian Talley , but missed on the two point conversion attempt .
Evaluation of the strategic results is likewise disputed . The blockade was maintained , even strengthened , and Virginia was bottled up in Hampton Roads . Because a decisive Confederate weapon was negated , some have concluded that the Union could claim a strategic victory . Confederate advocates can counter , however , by arguing that Virginia had a military significance larger than the blockade , which was only a small part of the war in Tidewater Virginia . Her mere presence was sufficient to close the James River to Federal incursions . She also imposed other constraints on the Peninsula Campaign then being mounted by the Union Army under General George B. McClellan , who worried that she could interfere with his positions on the York River .
Caius is seen after Bhunivelze 's defeat , where he explains that the Yeuls intend to become the new goddess of the dead . As a final act before the new Unseen Realm is completely formed , Caius allows the final incarnation of Yeul to depart with Noel for the new world . Caius Ballad was designed by Yusuke Naora , with the final design being selected from several ones offered . Watanabe called Caius a " unique " villain for the series , due to his almost noble goal of saving Yeul from her perpetual curse of early death and reincarnation , as opposed to many other Final Fantasy villains who sought destruction .
Due to this system of presidency Swiss leaders , like those of the EU , are relatively unknown with national politics viewed as somewhat technocratic resulting in low voter turnout , in a similar fashion to that of the European Parliament . Other parallels include the jealously guarded powers of states , the considerable level of translation and the choice of a lesser city as the capital . Furthermore , executive power in the EU isn 't concentrated in a single institution . It becomes clearer under the Lisbon Treaty with the division of the European Council as a distinct institution with a fixed President .
For the density to remain constant , new particles of matter must be continually formed in the volume from space . " It thus appears that Einstein considered a Steady State model of the expanding universe many years before Hoyle , Bondi and Gold . However , Einstein 's steady state model contained a fundamental flaw and he quickly abandoned the idea . Einstein was displeased with quantum theory and quantum mechanics ( the very theory he helped create ) , despite its acceptance by other physicists , stating that God " is not playing at dice . " Einstein continued to maintain his disbelief in the theory , and attempted unsuccessfully to disprove it until he died at the age of 76 .
In 2012 , Forbes magazine described how many of the KFC outlets were " aged and uninviting " , and that the chain " hasn 't introduced an exciting new food item in ages " . KFC was described in 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek as a " muscular player " in developing regions , specifically Africa , China and India , while noting its falling market share in the US to rivals such as Chick fil A and Popeyes . Some analysts speculated that KFC would begin spinning off its ailing US operations . That year , the company began divesting control of company owned US restaurants to franchised operations , with the intention of reducing overall company ownership from 35 percent to 5 percent .
One member of the regiment died during operations in the Solomon Islands . The regiment had only a minor role in the 2003 invasion of Iraq , providing a force element of about 40 Commandos from 4 RAR to support the Special Forces Task Group , which was based on an SASR Squadron . Following the invasion , the deteriorating security situation in Baghdad saw the deployment of a combined arms Security Detachment ( SECDET ) , charged with protecting the Australian embassy and its personnel . Over a dozen companies of the regiment provided force elements to the various rotations .
In 1391 , the Sanković brothers , at that time the rulers of Konavle , gave to the Republic of Rag full authority over the Falcon Fortress , while it came under republic 's final possession only in 1423 . Due to its strategic importance , the Republic of Ragusa constantly invested in the maintenance of the fortress , which contained a cistern , a powder storage , wine and food cellars , sentry boxes , military barracks , and sanctuary buildings to accommodate refugees from nearby villages in the event of war . The Fortress is placed at the top of the mountain Srđ , just above the city of Dubrovnik .
Clive Hughes wrote " regulars professed disgust at the blatantly political character " of the division . While the division was made up predominately of Welshmen , the rest of the United Kingdom was also represented within its ranks as well as several other nations . Once in France , the division joined XI Corps and was placed in reserve , relieving the 46th ( North Midland ) Division . The first casualties were soon suffered due to training accidents with grenades . The division was then temporarily split up and spent time attached to the Guards Division and 19th ( Western ) Division , to gain experience in trench warfare .
The colonia was evacuated in 274 by the Romans . There are no references to urban settlement on the site for the better part of a millennium thereafter . At the beginning of the Middle Ages , two groups of buildings existed on the current site of the city : the wooden fortress at Cluj Mănăștur ( Kolozsmonostor ) and the civilian settlement developed around the current Piața Muzeului ( Museum Place ) in the city centre . Although the precise date of the conquest of Transylvania by the Hungarians is not known , the earliest Hungarian artifacts found in the region are dated to the first half of the 10th century .
These four overlap with the jurisdiction of the State of Oregon , which owns the natural area . Watersheds that border the Tryon Creek watershed are Fanno Creek to the west and northwest , Stephens Creek to the north , the Willamette River to the east and Oswego Lake to the south . More than 70 miles ( 110 km ) of surface streets , including parts of Interstate 5 , Oregon Route 99W , Oregon Route 43 , Boones Ferry Road , Taylors Ferry Road , and Terwilliger Boulevard , run through the watershed . About 35 inches ( 890 mm ) of precipitation , almost entirely rain , fall on the watershed each year .
One shell from Knyaz Suvorov struck the destroyer Asagiri , but did not inflict much damage . Around 17 : 30 , the Russian destroyer Buinyi , came and took off the wounded officers from Knyaz Suvorov , including Rozhestvensky , leaving an unwounded midshipman in command . The ship continued southwards at about 4 – 5 knots ( 7.4 – 9.3 km / h ; 4.6 – 5.8 mph ) and was engaged by many of the Japanese cruisers from about 18 : 30 until four torpedo boats of the 11th Torpedo Division attacked at 19 : 20 . They fired seven torpedoes of which two or three hit the ship .
The question in the 1980 referendum , in an attempt to build a broad coalition , had sought only the authority to negotiate sovereignty with the Canadian government , and promised a second referendum to ratify the results of any negotiation . Parizeau believed a second referendum was unnecessary and would only encourage the remainder of Canada to use delaying tactics . The draft initial Act featured a question only asking for the authority to declare Quebec sovereign . Pursuant to the partnership agreement with Bouchard and Dumont , the referendum question was changed to incorporate the partnership agreement . It was presented on September 7 , 1995 to be voted on October 30 , 1995 .
To prevent that threat from coming to pass , Brig. Gen. John G. Barnard , chief engineer of the defenses of Washington , directed that a line of forts be constructed on the heights southeast of the Anacostia River . From Fort Greble at the western end to Fort Mahan at the eastern end , the forts along the Eastern Branch River ( as the Anacostia was then known ) were not intended to constitute a continuous defensive line as was the Arlington Line that defended the Virginia approaches to the city . Instead , they were merely intended to deny Confederate artillery the position and to provide warning of any sneak attack upon Washington from the southeast .
Throughout his career , Ward displayed in his work the influence of his father 's interest in social injustice . The younger Ward was early drawn to art , and contributed art and text to high school and college newspapers . After graduating from university in 1926 , Ward married writer May McNeer and the couple left for an extended honeymoon in Europe . Ward spent a year studying wood engraving in Leipzig , Germany , where he encountered German Expressionist art and read the wordless novel The Sun ( 1919 ) by Flemish woodcut artist Frans Masereel ( 1889 – 1972 ) .
The Orkneyinga saga provides Einarr with five brothers including Hallad . Ivar 's death on an earlier campaign with King Harald Finehair resulted in the Norðreyar being gifted to his family as compensation . Hrólfr " was so big that no horse could carry him " , hence his byname of " Göngu Hrólf " ( " Hrólf the Walker " ) , and he is identified by the saga writers with Rollo , ancestor of the Dukes of Normandy . In addition to Ivar and Hrólfr , Thorir the Silent was Rognvald 's third son by his marriage to Ragnhild .
He purchased a notice similar to the earlier one in the Gazette , and signed it according to her instructions . In her next letter Hańska made arrangements for a trusted courier to collect letters from Balzac , and thereby allow for a direct correspondence . Before long she sent him the news that she and her husband would be traveling Europe , and visiting Vienna , Hanski 's childhood home . They would also travel to the Swiss village of Neuchâtel , to visit the family of her daughter 's governess . Contradicting her vow of eternal anonymity , she suggested a meeting .
The reward for her capture and return was also doubled to $ 2 million that year . A documentary film about Shakur , Eyes of the Rainbow , written and directed by Cuban filmmaker Gloria Rolando , appeared in 1997 . The official premiere of the film in Havana in 2004 was promoted by Casa de las Américas , the main cultural forum of the Cuban government . The National Conference of Black Lawyers and Mos Def are among the professional organizations and entertainers to support Assata Shakur ; The " Hands Off Assata " campaign is organized by Dream Hampton .
The Byzantine text of the Gospels has a number of Alexandrian features , it has some affinities to the textual Family Π . Soden associated the text of the gospels with Family Π , though it is not a pure member of this family . According to Streeter , it is the earliest Greek manuscript which gives us approximately the text of Lucian the Martyr , but a small proportion of the readings seem to be earlier . Alexandrinus follows the Alexandrian readings through the rest of the New Testament ; however , the text goes from closely resembling Codex Sinaiticus in the Pauline epistles to more closely resembling the text of a number of papyri ( <formula> 74 for Acts , <formula> 47 for the Apocalypse ) .
Another less developed system of defences was 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) behind , and the beginnings of a third system ran from Tulkarm across the Plain of Sharon to the Nahr Iskanderun . It has been suggested that an inflexible defence relying on a line of trenches had been developed by the Ottoman armies , which required every inch of ground ... to be fought for , when a more flexible system would have better suited the situation . " The infantry will advance to the assault under an artillery barrage which will be put down at the hour at which the infantry leave their positions of deployment .
The capital value of each durable good is equal to the discounted value of its future rents . " Fetter 's contribution to the Austrian subjectivist tradition , then , is that he " showed how this uniform , subjective theory of value implies the demise of socialist theories of labor exploitation , Ricardian theories of rent , and productivity theories of interest . " In " Interest Theories , Old and New " ( 1914 ) , Fetter criticized Irving Fisher for abandoning the pure time preference theory of interest that Fisher had earlier espoused in his 1907 book , The Rate of Interest , a tome which had heavily influenced Fetter .
If its density is similar to Amalthea 's then its orbit would actually lie within the fluid Roche limit . However , since it is not breaking up , it must still lie outside its rigid Roche limit . Adrastea is the second fastest moving of Jupiter 's moons , with an orbital speed of 31.378 km / s . Adrastea is the largest contributor to material in Jupiter 's rings . This appears to consist primarily of material that is ejected from the surfaces of Jupiter 's four small inner satellites by meteorite impacts . It is easy for the impact ejecta to be lost from these satellites into space .
Comparable to the size of the Canadian province of Quebec , the watershed encompasses most of the central Great Plains , stretching from the Rocky Mountains in the west to the Mississippi River Valley in the east and from the southern extreme of western Canada to the border of the Arkansas River watershed . Compared with the Mississippi River above their confluence , the Missouri is twice as long and drains an area three times as large . The Missouri accounts for 45 percent of the annual flow of the Mississippi past St. Louis , and as much as 70 percent in certain droughts .
The DMO is not responsible for directly supplying deployed ADF units ; this is the responsibility of the Joint Logistics Command and the single service logistic units . These units include the Navy 's Systems Command and replenishment ships , the Army 's 17th Combat Service Support Brigade and Combat Service Support Battalions , and the Combat Support Group RAAF . The increasing role of the private sector forms an important trend in the ADF 's logistics arrangements . During the 1990s many of the ADF 's support functions were transferred to the private sector to improve the efficiency with which they were provided .
" In a 2008 article , Entertainment Weekly named Meryl Streep 's role as Jessica Lovejoy as one of the sixteen best guest appearances on The Simpsons . Total Film 's Nathan Ditum ranked Streep 's performance as the fifth best guest appearance in the show 's history , commenting that she is " the perfect mix of beguiling and devilish as Reverend Lovejoy ’ s rebellious daughter . " David Mirkin told the Daily News of Los Angeles that " Bart 's Girlfriend " and " Homer the Great " are his favorite episodes of the season . Mirkin liked the scene where Bart is punched by Nelson at the playground because Bart takes a while to recover , which made the scene more realistic .
The Make Up were highly influenced by bubblegum music , particularly the French variety called Yé yé music . As the Make Up 's frontman and mouthpiece , Ian Svenonius often contextualized the band 's music in terms of larger socio political themes , typically describing the band and its gospel attitude in Marxist and socialist terms , in opposition of what he saw as the capitalist , bourgeois , machismo paradigm of rock and roll . The band 's aversion to American culture was expressed through their self styled musical genre " Gospel Yeh Yeh , " a belief system through which they advocated to their audience to " get theirs " and to " off the pigs in all their forms " .
Honorary fellows are people who are ineligible to be elected as fellows but nevertheless have " rendered signal service to the cause of science , or whose election would significantly benefit the Society by their great experience in other walks of life " . Six honorary fellows have been elected to date , including Baroness O 'Neill of Bengarve . Foreign members are scientists from non Commonwealth nations " who are eminent for their scientific discoveries and attainments " . Eight are elected each year by the society and also hold their membership for life . Foreign members are permitted to use the post nominal ForMemRS ( Foreign Member of the Royal Society ) and currently number about 140 .
Potatoes replaced turnips in borscht recipes , and tomatoes – fresh , canned or paste – took over from beet sour as the source of tartness . The turnip is rarely found in modern recipes , and even then , together with potatoes . In Ukraine , beet sour and tomatoes were both used for some time until the latter ultimately prevailed during the last third of the 19th century . Over the course of the 19th and 20th centuries , borscht 's popularity spread beyond its Slavic homeland , largely due to such factors as territorial expansion of the Russian Empire , Russia 's growing political clout and cultural stature , and waves of emigration out of the country .
Senior officers thus advised the government that an operation in Sierra Leone was feasible . Over the following days , there was debate within the British government as to what the aims of a military deployment to Sierra Leone would be . The Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) advocated a full scale intervention to assist UNAMSIL , arguing that a non combatant evacuation operation would not be sufficient and would undermine the UN , but the MoD believed that the armed forces would be unable to sustain a larger scale operation . The British government 's emergency committee , COBRA , was convened and presented with three options for an evacuation of entitled persons — deployment of aircraft and special forces to conduct an evacuation via Lungi airport , deployment of regular ground forces for a similar operation , or re routing the Amphibious Ready Group ( ARG ) .
The ships could also carry 12 15 mines intended to be used to create a secure anchorage . The hull of the Admiral Spiridov class monitors was completely covered by three strakes of wrought iron armor , the upper two were about 3 feet 8 inches ( 1.12 m ) high and the lower one , below the waterline , was 3 feet 2 inches ( 0.97 m ) high . The middle strake was 6.5 inches ( 165 mm ) thick for a length of 150 feet ( 45.7 m ) amidships and the other strakes were generally 5.5 inches ( 140 mm ) thick ( the upper strake was 6 inches ( 152 mm ) thick abreast the turrets ) .
In 1994 and 2004 Croatian authorities filed two separate cases against a total of 17 persons , including Devetak , and indicted them on charges of genocide and war crimes committed against the civilian population of Lovas . The group included fifteen who were tried in absentia . In 2009 , the process was split for Milan Tepavac and Ilija Vorkapić who were available to Croatian authorities , and once more a year later when Tepavac was judged not fit to stand trial . Vorkapić was acquitted in 2012 . Serbian authorities charged four persons associated with former Croatian Serb authorities in the eastern Slavonia with war crimes committed in Lovas , consisting of four JNA officers and six former members of the Dušan Silni paramilitaries .
Twenty four hour rainfall amounts exceeding 4 in ( 100 mm ) were observed in some areas of New England , with a precipitation peak of 5.67 in ( 144 mm ) in Wellfleet , Massachusetts . Due to the winds and rainfall , portions of Maine , Massachusetts , and New Hampshire reported power outages and localized flooding . By 0600 UTC on September 10 , Gerda became extratropical over southeastern Quebec . In Atlantic Canada , winds left many without electricity in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia , and left about $ 3.5 million in losses to apple crops .
In humans , the visible button like portion is near the front junction of the labia minora ( inner lips ) , above the opening of the urethra . Unlike the penis , the male homologue ( equivalent ) to the clitoris , it usually does not contain the distal portion ( or opening ) of the urethra and is therefore not used for urination . While few animals urinate through the clitoris , the spotted hyena , which has an especially well developed clitoris , urinates , mates and gives birth via the organ . Some other carnivorous animals , or mammals in particular , such as lemurs and spider monkeys , also have a well developed clitoris .
Once they had been informed that they were moving forward , the brigadiers and battalion commanders would be taken to the forward areas to reconnoitre the sections of the front that were to be occupied by their troops . Meanwhile , the battalion transport officers would be taken to the headquarters of the division that they were relieving to observe the methods used for drawing rations and ammunition , and the manner in which they were supplied to the troops at the front . Detachments from the divisional artillery group would move forward and were attached to the artillery batteries of the division they were relieving .
Sydney Airport is also known as Kingsford Smith Airport , named after Charles Kingsford Smith ; and Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport , in Chile , is named after Arturo Merino Benítez . Cultural leaders ( poets , artists , writers , musicians ) such as Leonardo da Vinci – Fiumicino Airport , named after Leonardo da Vinci ; Liverpool John Lennon Airport , named after The Beatles member and Liverpool local John Lennon ; Tom Jobim Airport , at Rio de Janeiro named after the composer Antonio Carlos Jobim . Václav Havel Airport Prague , named after writer / philosopher / statesman Václav Havel .
Between 4500 and 3800 BCE , all of the British Isles came to abandon its former Mesolithic hunter gatherer lifestyle , to be replaced by the new agricultural subsistence of the Neolithic Age . Although a common material culture was shared throughout most of the British Isles in this period , there was great regional variation regarding the nature and distribution of settlement , architectural styles , and the use of natural resources . Throughout most of Britain , there is little evidence of cereal or permanent dwellings from this period , leading archaeologists to believe that the Early Neolithic economy on the island was largely pastoral , relying on herding cattle , with people living a nomadic or semi nomadic way of life .
Since 1985 , the World Championships have been held in odd numbered years . FIS events include : The FIS Nordic World Ski Championships FIS Cross Country World Cup : each year medalists are announced who have the highest total scores at the end of the World Cup season . The FIS Nordic Combined World Cup The Tour de Ski : held annually since 2006 , modeled on the Tour de France , held in the Czech Republic , Germany , Italy , and Switzerland . A ski marathon is a long distance , usually point to point race , of more than 40 kilometers ; some are held concurrent with shorter races and participation is usually open to the public .
The catalyst for the change from Waikiki to Howling Bells was Juanita and Joel 's trip to see Black Rebel Motorcycle Club in Australia . They saw this band shrouded in red lights , and it created an atmosphere that inspired them to alter their musical direction . The band 's style has been compared to that of Siouxsie and the Banshees , PJ Harvey , The Velvet Underground , Nick Cave , Mazzy Star , and The Duke Spirit . Their music has been called folk rock , melodic blues , and country goth . Juanita disagrees with the group 's gothic characterization .
Rolling Stone magazine reviewer Anthony DeCurtis wrote that Beyoncé sounded as if she was " having fun " on the song , while Stephen Thomas Erlewine of the online music guide service Allmusic described Beyoncé 's vocals as " assured and sexy " . Mark Anthony Neal of the international webzine PopMatters , regarded " Baby Boy " as one of the " high profile collaborations " on Dangerously in Love . Lisa Verrico of the daily British newspaper The Times described the song a " Latino tinged collaboration ... Paul does a reggae rap in the middle , but it 's when he chats while Beyoncé half raps that the pair have real chemistry " .
Epstein 's version of the story was that customer Raymond Jones walked into the NEMS shop and asked him for the " My Bonnie " single , which made Epstein curious about the group . Taylor later claimed that he had used the name of Jones ( a regular customer ) to order the single and paid the deposit himself , knowing that Epstein would notice it and order further copies . Harry and McCartney later repudiated Epstein 's story , as Harry had been talking to Epstein for a long time about the Beatles — the group that he promoted the most in Mersey Beat — with McCartney saying , " Brian [ Epstein ] knew perfectly well who the Beatles were ; they were on the front page of the second issue of Mersey Beat " .
Sorum and Reed played their first show with Guns N ' Roses at Rock in Rio 2 in January 1991 . The group fired its long time manager , Alan Niven , in May of that year ; Rose reportedly forced the dismissal of Niven against the wishes of his band mates by refusing to complete the new album until Niven was gone . He was replaced by roadie Doug Goldstein , whom Izzy Stradlin described as " the guy who gets to go over to Axl 's at six in the morning after he 's smashed his $ 60,000 grand piano out of the picture window .
If this happened , Labor would have an effective 33 – 31 margin , would be able to pass supply if that was still an issue , and also could pass electoral redistribution laws ( which had been passed by the House , though twice defeated by the Senate ) that would give it an advantage at the next election . The journalist and author Alan Reid described the position of the Government and Opposition as the crisis became acute in mid October : While it was possibly an overstatement to describe the 1975 position as a choice between evils , neither of the two major political groupings reached the 15 October 1975 crunch position with completely clean hands .
The island 's standard time zone is UTC + 10 : 30 , or UTC + 11 when daylight saving time applies . The currency is the Australian dollar . Commuter airlines provide flights to Sydney , Brisbane , and Port Macquarie . UNESCO records the Lord Howe Island Group as a World Heritage Site of global natural significance . Most of the island is virtually untouched forest , with many of the plants and animals found nowhere else in the world . Other natural attractions include the diversity of the landscapes , the variety of upper mantle and oceanic basalts , the world 's southernmost barrier coral reef , nesting seabirds , and the rich historical and cultural heritage .
However , early on September 15 , Gladys weakened slightly to a Category 1 hurricane . Early on September 17 , the storm began to rapidly intensify . By 1800 UTC , Gladys attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph ( 230 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 945 mbar ( 27.9 inHg ) . The storm later began to weaken and fell to a Category 3 hurricane early on September 19 . Around that time , Gladys curved northward in response to a weak trough in the westerlies . Early on September 20 , it further weakened to a Category 2 hurricane .
It was held on June 24 , 2007 at Infineon Raceway in Sonoma , California before a crowd of 102,000 . The 90 lap race was won by Juan Pablo Montoya of the Chip Ganassi Racing team who started from thirty second position . Kevin Harvick finished second and his Richard Childress Racing teammate Jeff Burton came in third . Although Jamie McMurray won the pole position , he was passed by Robby Gordon on the first lap . Gordon held the position until the first round of green flag pit stops , and Carl Edwards took over the first position .
Catmull later explained that after the merger , to maintain the studios ' separate identities and cultures ( notwithstanding the fact of common ownership and common senior management ) , he and Lasseter " drew a hard line " that each studio was solely responsible for its own projects and would not be allowed to borrow personnel from or lend tasks out to the other . That rule ensures that each studio maintains " local ownership " of projects and can be proud of its own work . Thus , for example , when Pixar had issues with Ratatouille and Disney Animation had issues with Bolt ( 2008 ) , " nobody bailed them out " and each studio was required " to solve the problem on its own " even when they knew there were personnel at the other studio who theoretically could have helped .
Spacey dressed in costumes from the movie for the tour , which started in San Francisco and traveled through Los Angeles , New York City , Boston , Chicago , Miami and Atlantic City before ending in the Wayne Newton Theatre at the Stardust Hotel in Las Vegas . Spacey 's performance at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel on December 11 , 2004 received a standing ovation . Dodd Darin commented , " It was said about my dad that he had some big brass ones . To do a film about my dad is one thing , but it 's another thing to go out and attempt to work a nightclub .
He was fourth in the NL in won lost percentage ( .727 ) and sixth in wins . He went a perfect 11 – 0 in his starts at Miller Park , the Brewers ' home stadium . On April 7 , 2012 , the Brewers defeated the Cardinals 6 – 0 in Greinke 's first start of the season after he pitched seven scoreless innings while giving up four hits and striking out 7 . In an oddity , Greinke became the first pitcher to start three straight games in the Majors in 95 years . On July 7 , he was ejected from the game after just 4 pitches for angrily throwing the ball into the ground following a close play at first base .
As Thompson mentioned on the BBC program QI in 2009 , at one point in the writing process a laptop failure almost lost the entire work . In panic Thompson called fellow actor and close friend Stephen Fry , the host of QI and a self professed " geek " . After seven hours , Fry was able to recover the documents from the device . Taiwanese director Ang Lee was hired as a result of his work in the 1993 family comedy film The Wedding Banquet , which he co wrote , produced , and directed . He was not familiar with the author Austen .
The District 's share of planning , implementation and first year operating costs was partially financed by a $ 6 million grant by the United States Department of Transportation . Arlington County 's operating cost share of the plan was $ 835,000 for the first year , funded by public contributions including a grant from the Virginia Department of Rail and Public Transportation as well as subsidies from Arlington County Transportation , Crystal City Business Improvement District , and the Potomac Yard Transportation Management Association . In April 2011 , Capital Bikeshare administrators said they expect earned revenue to cover 50 % of the system 's annual operating costs .
The most common transits are those of Mercury , which usually happen every few years , most recently in 2006 and 2010 . The most recent transit of Venus was in 1953 , and the next will be in 2051 ; the corresponding dates are 1814 and 2081 for transits of Earth , and 767 and 2684 for transits of Mars . The rotation period of Ceres ( the Cererian day ) is 9 hours and 4 minutes . It has a small axial tilt of 4 ° . This is nevertheless large enough for Ceres 's polar regions to contain permanently shadowed craters that are expected to act as cold traps and accumulate water ice over time , similar to the situation on the Moon and Mercury .
The track began as a rhythm pattern of slow , low pitched tom tom drums that Gabriel made , and Lanois believed could serve as the centrepiece of a song . Tony Levin added bass to create a more harmonious sound , and during the second half of the track , put a nappy behind his bass strings to dampen the sound . Gabriel ensured the song , which follows a narrative of an unemployed man and his lover , was written as a conversational piece . He initially sought out Dolly Parton to portray the woman , although Parton declined ; his friend Kate Bush later agreed to feature .
On August 7 , 2013 , the Libertarian Party filed a lawsuit stating that they were denied access to have their candidate on the ballot due to a conflict between state law and the state constitution . State law provided for ten days to obtain ballot petition signatures , while the state constitution provided for fifteen days . On August 12 , Colorado District Court Judge Robert McGahey ruled that the state constitution 's provisions had to be followed , and that prospective candidates had until August 26 to turn in their petitions . The Colorado Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal .
Mainstream films and big budget blockbusters have attracted cult followings similar to more underground and lesser known films ; fans of these films often emphasize the films ' niche appeal and reject the more popular aspects . Fans who like the films for the wrong reasons , such as perceived elements that represent mainstream appeal and marketing , will often be ostracized or ridiculed . Likewise , fans who stray from accepted subcultural scripts may experience similar rejection . Since the late 1970s , cult films have become increasingly popular . Films that once would have been limited to obscure cult followings are now capable of breaking into the mainstream , and showings of cult films have proved to be a profitable business venture .
A contributing factor to the withdrawal of the RTGs was the spike in fuel prices after the Yom Kippur War . In 1985 , three RTG trainsets ( numbered 64 to 69 ) were retrofitted with RTL style noses , and third rail capability to enable operation into New York . Renamed RTG IIs , they were retired from service after one caught fire in Pennsylvania Station in New York on September 11 , 1994 . The St. Louis corridor was the first to receive the new Turboliner equipment , with the initial run occurring September 28 , 1973 , amid great fanfare .
Celine Dion released two French language Christmas albums in her early career : Céline Dion chante Noël ( 1981 ) and Chants et contes de Noël ( 1983 ) . Later , in 1993 , she recorded " The Christmas Song " which appears on David Foster 's The Christmas Album . The next year , Dion was featured on Alvin and the Chipmunks ' " Petit Papa Noël " which is on their album A Very Merry Chipmunk . In 1996 , she recorded " Brahms ' Lullaby " for the compilation For Our Children Too to benefit the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation .
Beaten out of the Winners Bracket by Team SoloMid , CLG.EU defeated both Team Curse EU and Orbit Gaming to advance to round six of the Losers Bracket , where they fell to Counter Logic Gaming Prime , going home with a fifth / sixth place finish . After only six days of rest , the team flew out to Jönköping , Sweden to participate in DreamHack Summer 2012 . In the group stage , CLG.EU placed first , defeating Moscow Five , Absolute Legends , and Mebdi 's Minions , and then defeated FnaticRC to advance to the Grand Final .
Forced to make repairs , Sercey took his squadron to the allied Batavian city of Batavia , sheltering there until January 1797 . As Sercey left Batavia , the very valuable annual British trade convoy from Macau ( Portuguese treaty port in Southern China ) was due to sail . This convoy was worth millions of pounds and its capture would seriously harm the British economy . The British commander in the region , Admiral Peter Rainier split the convoy , taking four ships with a heavy escort through the Straits of Malacca , while the remaining six East Indiamen sailed unescorted through the supposedly safer Bali Strait .
Torres transports Tuvok off the ship , but Seven isn 't in the unshielded area of the ship . The Hirogen takes the advantage in the match , and Voyager 's weapons are taken offline . Janeway arrives in the Delta Flyer and destroys the Tsunktase ship 's signal generators which broadcast the matches . Penk reroutes power to another transmitter , thus weakening his shields . As Seven takes her position to reluctantly kill the Hirogen , both are transported onto Voyager . Afterwards , Chakotay tells the Hirogen that they are en route to transfer him to a vessel of his species .
The term metalloid originally referred to nonmetals . Its more recent meaning , as a category of elements with intermediate or hybrid properties , became widespread in 1940 – 1960 . Metalloids sometimes are called semimetals , a practice that has been discouraged , as the term semimetal has a different meaning in physics than in chemistry . In physics it more specifically refers to the electronic band structure of a substance . A metalloid is an element with properties in between , or that are a mixture of , those of metals and nonmetals , and which is therefore hard to classify as either a metal or a nonmetal .
Prejudice against this class dates back to the Tokugawa period in terms of legal discrimination and treatment as social outcasts . Although official discrimination ended with the Tokugawa era , the burakumin have continued to face social discrimination , such as scrutiny by employers or in marriage arrangements . Drum makers have used their trade and success as a means to advocate for an end to discriminatory practices against their class . The Taiko Road ( 人権太鼓ロード , " Taiko Road of Human Rights " ) , representing the contributions of burakumin , is found in Naniwa Ward in Osaka , home to a large proportion of burakumin .
All of her light AA guns were replaced with nine twin gun water cooled 37 mm V 11 mounts . All of her radars were replaced with Soviet systems : Rif surface search , Gyuys air search , Zalp surface gunnery and Yakor ' anti aircraft gunnery radars . All anti submarine weapons , torpedo launchers , aircraft equipment and boat cranes were removed . While expensive , about half the cost of a new Project 68bis Sverdlov class cruiser , it was deemed a success and allowed Kirov to serve for another two decades . Kirov was laid down at the Ordzhonikidze Yard , Leningrad on 22 October 1935 .
The rebuilt aircraft would have extended the operating life of the Nimrod fleet by several decades and significantly improved the aircraft by installing more efficient Rolls Royce BR700 turbofan jet engines to almost double the flight range . The conversion of the flight deck to a digital glass cockpit would have simplified control operations and reduced crew requirements . New detection systems were to be installed , as well as additional weapons for anti submarine warfare . However the project was subject to significant delays due to cost over runs and contract re negotiations . This was partly due to difficulties combining refurbished Nimrod MR2 fuselages , which had not been built to a common standard , with newly built wings .
I thought this would be a video that would make women say , ' Yeah , yeah ! ' and it would make men feel " . Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine positively reacted to the video and found it " rich with symbolism " . Shakira revealed that a nun from a Catholic high school she had attended was angered by the video by saying that " One of the nuns is looking for me after seeing the " Don 't Bother " video " . Shakira performed " Don 't Bother " live for the first time at the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony held on November 3 , 2005 , where she also won the award for " Best Female Artist " .
Henry says that Locke is " one of the good ones " . Although Libby ( Cynthia Watros ) advises Ana Lucia not to try to get revenge on Henry , she is determined and asks James " Sawyer " Ford ( Josh Holloway ) for a gun , but is rejected . Ana Lucia returns and after Sawyer still refuses to give her a gun , she has sex with him , and is able to distract him long enough to steal the gun . Jack Shephard ( Matthew Fox ) and Kate Austen ( Evangeline Lilly ) return with Michael Dawson ( Harold Perrineau ) .
The settlement began in the Middle Ages as a fishing village , renowned for its herring industry . Thanks to its seascapes , fishermen and evening light , towards the end of the 19th century it became popular with a group of Impressionist artists now known as the Skagen Painters . In 1879 , the Skagen Fisherman 's Association was established with the purpose of facilitating the local fishing industry through the Skagensbanen railway , which opened as a narrow gauged railway in 1890 . The modern port of Skagen opened on 20 November 1907 , and with the railway connections to Frederikshavn and the rest of Denmark , tourism began to develop .
Juan turned to the east , moving along the southern Louisiana coast and re organizing slightly . On October 31 , the storm moved across the Mississippi Delta near Burrwood , Louisiana , and accelerated to the northeast , influenced by an approaching upper level trough . At 1200 UTC that day , Juan attained a secondary peak of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) . In the subsequent six hours , the storm weakened slightly , making its final landfall just west of Pensacola , Florida with winds of 65 mph ( 100 km / h ) late on October 31 .
Now considered one of Chile 's greatest heroes of the war , her service only became widely known after her death . Morales was born on 1 April 1865 in La Chimba , a barrio on the Mapocho River in Santiago de Chile , the daughter of carpenter Ventura Morales and Marta Infante . Her father died when she was young , and she moved with her mother to Valparaiso . There she started to learn her mother 's trade as a seamstress until her mother married her to an older man in 1877 , at age 11 . Her husband died during the first year of their marriage , and her mother died about the same time .
A preview of the 10 part animated series Tron : Uprising is included in all versions of the home media release . Tron : Legacy was the second Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment release that included Disney Second Screen , a feature accessible via a computer or iPad app download that provides additional content as the user views the film . Forty minutes of the film were shot in 2.35 : 1 and then vertically enhanced for IMAX . These scenes are presented in 1.78 : 1 in a similar way to the Blu ray release of The Dark Knight .
The Department computers assign Meche to the four year journey even though Manny believes she should have a guaranteed spot on the " Number Nine " luxury express train due to her pureness of heart in her life . After setting Meche on her way , Manny investigates further and finds that Domino and Don have been rigging the system to deny many clients Double N tickets , hoarding them for the boss of the criminal underworld , Hector LeMans . LeMans then sells the tickets at an exorbitant price to those that can afford it . Manny recognizes that he cannot stop Hector at present and instead , with the help of his driver and speed demon Glottis , he tries to find Meche on her journey in the nearby Petrified Forest .
He and another crew member survived and were taken prisoner . The other two crew were killed ; one is buried at Cannock Chase German war cemetery and the other in the Netherlands . The identity of the Defiant that shot down the Dornier is not certain – it may have been one of three 264 Squadron aircraft that was shot down soon after in a battle with Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighter escorts from Jagdgeschwader 3 . In June 2010 diving operations were carried out and the survey report indicated that the aircraft was largely complete , although 5K + AR lay inverted on the seabed , indicating that it ground looped on landing .
Following the honeymoon , Donna moves in with the Kennedy family . On their one month anniversary , Ringo is knocked down by Stephanie Scully 's ( Carla Bonner ) motorbike and dies . Donna is devastated and she struggles to accept that he has gone . Donna initially blames Kate for Ringo 's death because he pushed her out of the way . Donna is upset when she misses Ringo 's funeral . Donna is angry when Paul tries to use her to upset Steph at her trial . She later tells the court that Steph should not go to jail as it will not bring Ringo back .
It has traditionally been considered a synonym of S. armatus , though more recent studies suggest it is not . S. sulcatus is distinguished mainly by its unusually large , furrowed spikes with very large bases . A spike associated with the type specimen , originally thought to be a tail spike , may in fact come from the shoulder or hip , since its base is much larger than the corresponding tail vertebrae . A review published by Maidment and colleagues in 2008 regarded it as an indeterminate species possibly not even belonging to Stegosaurus at all , but to a different genus .
Emerald Number : When the note is tilted , the number " 50 " on the bottom left corner of the note displays an effect of the light that moves up and down . The number " 50 " also changes color from emerald green to deep blue . Security Thread : When the note is held to the light , the security thread appears as a dark line . The " € " symbol and the value of the note can be seen in tiny white lettering in the stripe . Microprinting : Some areas of the banknote feature a series of tiny letters .
However , it was able to delay the North Korean division for five days in this effort . The NK 2nd Division suffered heavily during this time to US artillery and armor , some estimates placing its losses above 3,000 men in the battles along the road . The US 1st Cavalry Division initially took the 27th Infantry 's place on the line , but retreated without engaging the NK 2nd Division after movement by the NK 3rd Division threatened to take Kumch 'on and block the US division 's route of supply . The division was driven to the Naktong River by July 31 , having taken 916 battle casualties at Hwanggan and Sangju in its first ten days on the line .
Zakkar speculates that the amir al ʿarab could have been a " revival or continuation " of a pre Islamic ( mid 6th century ) political tradition among the Bedouin of Syria whereby the chieftain of the Ghassanids , vassals of the Byzantine Empire , served as the supreme Arab phylarch ( tribal chieftain ) , giving him formal authority over the Bedouin tribes of Syria . In early Muslim chronicles , there is often references to sayyid ahl al badiya ( master of the desert dwellers ) or sayyid Qays ( master of the tribes of Qays ) , which Zakkar believes are possible " starting points which , in the course of time , developed to the title of Amir Arab al Sham " .
He became the " first artist to paint the Suez Canal , thus marking an epoch making event in the history of Europe , Africa and Asia . " In 1870 , Aivazovsky was made an Actual Civil Councilor , the fourth highest civil rank in Russia . In 1871 , he initiated the construction of the archaeological museum in Feodosia . In 1872 , he traveled to Nice and Florence to exhibit his paintings . In 1874 , the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze ( Florence Academy of Fine Art ) asked him for a self portrait to be hung in the Uffizi Gallery .
" Griffiths went on to hail the character as " our cartoon idol when it came to reaching for the stars and pulling it off flawlessly " , concluding , " at the end of the day Kim Possible could do anything . And so can all of us . " BuzzFeed ranked Kim ninth on its list of " 17 Characters From Your Childhood That Were More Feminist Than You Remember " , with author Ellie Bate crediting the character with " break [ ing ] the sexist stereotype that all cheerleaders are nothing but bimbos " . Bustle writer Sarah Freymiller agreed that " Kim offers a model for femininity that both bolsters and works against the typical ' high school cheerleader ' stereotype .
In some sense , the conflict became a side show of the Hundred Years ' War , and David resided at Château Gaillard in northern France for much of his exile , until he could return to Scotland in 1341 . In 1346 , in response to a plea from France to come to its aid , David led an army into England only to be taken prisoner at Neville 's Cross ; he remained in captivity until he was ransomed in 1357 . David 's exile in France corresponded with Walter 's own period in that country , prompting one historian to suggest that Walter was part of David 's court while both were in northern France , and that Walter subsequently benefited from the relationship .
In July 1944 , General Douglas MacArthur , the commander of the South West Pacific Area , selected Morotai as the location for air bases and naval facilities needed to support the liberation of Mindanao in the Philippines , which at the time was planned for 15 November . While Morotai was undeveloped , it was preferred over Halmahera as the larger and much better defended island was judged too difficult to capture and secure . The occupation of Morotai was designated Operation Tradewind . The landing was scheduled to take place on 15 September 1944 , the same day as the 1st Marine Division 's landing at Peleliu .
Teeuw agrees , writing that the novel shows a psychological burden borne by native intellectuals who found themselves physically fit for a modern existence , but mentally unprepared for the transition from a traditional lifestyle to a more modern one . He notes that the sceptical , modern intellectual , a category in which he includes Tono and Tini , was uncommon in local literature at the time . Tham sees the underlying message of Yah 's refusal to marry Tono as that " morals and ethical standards are frequently beyond the ken of intellect , reason , or rationality " , indicating that intellectuals may not be able to collaborate effectively with the masses .
From there it continued on to a terminus in Port Austin . When the United States Numbered Highway System was approved on November 11 , 1926 , the southernmost segment from Detroit to Port Huron was assigned to the then new US Highway 25 ( US 25 ) . M 19 was removed from M 21 and realigned from Yale southward through Emmet to connect to US 25 in Richmond . The northern end was truncated to end to the east of Bad Axe . In 1956 , a realignment of M 90 shortened the concurrency of that highway with M 19 .
It was estimated to cost £ 1,750,000 to £ 2,250,000 , borne by member countries of the Committee . The Nationalists wished to prevent the fall of the favourable Chamberlain government in the United Kingdom , and so were seen to accept the plan . With much bemoaning , the Republicans also accepted the plan . The Nationalists demanded belligerent rights first , then withdrawals of 10,000 from each side after , which amounted to a rejection of the plan . Following the Munich Agreement – judged by Chamberlain to have been a success – Britain would host similar mediation in Spain .
He scored his first goal for the club against Cremonese in September 1993 but had a difficult time against the highly organised and resolute Italian defences , scoring a further seven goals in the league . This was partly due to manager Osvaldo Bagnoli 's inability to find a stable forward partnership , preferring Bergkamp in a three with Uruguayan Rubén Sosa and Italian Salvatore Schillaci . Inter 's poor league form culminated in the sacking of Bagnoli in February 1994 and his replacement by Gianpiero Marini , a member of Italy 's World Cup winning squad of 1982 . The club finished 13th in Serie A , one point away from relegation , but enjoyed success in the UEFA Cup , beating Austria Salzburg in the final over two legs .
Francine 's storylines were not fully developed and " remain [ ed ] a bit of a mystery " by the end of the show . According to Vieluf , Francine communicates through a " whole different language " and has a special bond with Barry due to their different approaches to life . Ion Overman as Viviana , an Argentinian receptionist who " solicits personal information in a rather startling way " . She is constantly searching for an eligible American citizen to marry in order to secure a green card . Her heavy accent is written as a source of humor on the show , which led to critics accusing the writers of reducing the character to an ethnic stereotype .
When Black 's car is searched , it is clear it was never rigged with anything — Dees had planned the whole thing , knowing that he would be killed . As news reports spread concerning the bomber 's identity and his death at the hands of the police , Black sees that Dees has achieved the fame he longed for . " 522666 " was directed by David Nutter , who had directed both " Pilot " and " Gehenna " previously , and would also direct " Loin Like a Hunting Flame " later in the season . Writers James Wong and Glen Morgan had previously written " Dead Letters " , and would go on to write an additional thirteen episodes during the first and second seasons of the series .
In contrast , when polyadenylation occurs in bacteria , it promotes RNA degradation . This is also sometimes the case for eukaryotic non coding RNAs . mRNA molecules in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes have polyadenylated 3 ' -ends , with the prokaryotic poly ( A ) tails generally shorter and less mRNA molecules polyadenylated . For further information , see RNA and Messenger RNA RNAs are a type of large biological molecules , whose individual building blocks are called nucleotides . The name poly ( A ) tail ( for polyadenylic acid tail ) reflects the way RNA nucleotides are abbreviated , with a letter for the base the nucleotide contains ( A for adenine , C for cytosine , G for guanine and U for uracil ) .
As the tour progressed , band members and others became concerned that Bono 's antics – while making for good press copy and having an electric effect on some fans – were detracting from the music and might end in a disaster ( an assessment Bono later agreed with ) . " New Year 's Day " became a hit single , and in concert performances full of vitality , The Edge would rapidly switch back and forth between piano and electric guitar . Older songs such as " Gloria " and " 11 O 'Clock Tick Tock " were kept in the set list .
" Performance Review " originally aired on NBC in the United States on November 15 , 2005 . The episode was viewed by 8 million viewers and received a 3.9 rating / 9 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 . This means that it was seen by 3.9 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds , and 9 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . An encore presentation of the episode , on June 6 , 2006 , received 2.5 rating / 7 percent share and was viewed by over 4.7 million viewers .
The project was estimated to cost 267 million Norwegian krone . Estimates show that the benefit for society would be lower than the investment costs ( a negative net present value ) , giving an average estimated NOK 124 million deficit . Norwegian Air Shuttle is building a unified fleet of 737 800 aircraft and will only be able to serve the airport during winter if the investments are carried out . The extension would allow increased charter traffic to Central Europe and increased regularity with existing flights . Avinor has stated that it cannot finance the investments without direct subsidies from the state .
The carpet seen today is a reproduction of the original . During the almost ten years it served as the capitol , Congress Hall witnessed many historic events including the admittance of three new states . The United States Bill of Rights was ratified at Congress Hall in 1791 . The second Presidential inauguration of George Washington took place in the House chamber in 1793 , as did inauguration of John Adams in 1797 . Congress also used the time to establish the First Bank of the United States , the Federal Mint , and the United States Department of the Navy .
At the May 1965 election , Askin led the Coalition to its first ever state electoral victory , gaining eight seats and a swing of 5.6 % to achieve a majority of two . Askin became the first Liberal Premier . Morton was re elected with 82.30 % . Askin then named Morton as the Minister for Local Government and Minister for Highways , being sworn in by the Governor of New South Wales , Sir Eric Woodward at Government House , Sydney on 13 May 1965 . As Minister , Morton was involved in the first dismissal of Warringah Shire Council in April 1967 which was triggered by the gaoling of two councillors for bribery .
The law forced landlords to provide a minimum standard of housing and enacted rent controls , setting a maximum rent for various houses ; at the time many landlords bought large numbers of low quality dwellings and charged tenants exorbitant prices . It also expanded the role of the Housing Trust , potentially undercutting the rentier class . Labor were taken aback by Playford 's move , as this was the start of a trend whereby the nominally conservative government pursued policies that were more left wing than other Labor governments across the country . After expressing shock at Playford 's " loving kindness to the poor and distressed " , Labor helped to get the legislation — which threatened the interests of the landlord class that traditionally supported the LCL — passed into law .
This was followed by its first appearance on U.S. national television as a 150 second spot three days later , during a commercial break in Spike 's airing of the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers . Additional 90 second spaces were purchased on a variety of television networks , including Adult Swim , Comedy Central , ESPN , FX , G4 , History , and Spike . The Life was made available for download through Xbox Live on September 8 , and continued to air on television through the release of Halo 3 : ODST on September 22 , 2009 and into the Christmas period .
Ironically , Linois was captured at the Action of 13 March 1806 by a numerically superior British battle squadron that he mistook for a merchant convoy . During the Napoleonic Wars , the British economy depended on its ability to trade with the British Empire , particularly the valuable colonies in British India . The intercontinental trade was conducted by the governors of India , the Honourable East India Company ( HEIC ) , using their fleet of large , well armed merchant vessels known as East Indiamen . These ships were of between 500 and 1200 nominal tons burthen ( bm ) and could carry up to 36 guns for defence against pirates , privateers and small warships .
The Tigers were revived in 1932 , playing for a short lived four years in the North Western Hockey League . They played their games at the Victoria Arena . Created ostensibly as an amateur team in hopes of competing for the Allan Cup , the Tigers helped form the Western Canada Hockey League in 1921 to become the first major professional team in Calgary . In 1924 , after winning both the league and Western Canadian championships , the Tigers became the first Calgary based club to compete for the Stanley Cup . After succumbing to financial pressures in 1927 , the Tigers were briefly revived in the mid 1930s as a minor professional club .
Dewar 's own Court martial began on 4 April . The Court trying him was composed of five Rear Admirals and eight Captains . Dewar pleaded " not guilty to two charges of accepting and forwarding a letter subversive of discipline and contrary to King 's Regulations and Admiralty Instructions " . Dewar had the opportunity of cross examining Rear Admiral Collard over the incident of the dance and the disembarkation . Collard admitted to saying certain things but refused to say that he had used improper words and not in earshot of anyone other than the Captain . In his defence , Dewar attacked one of the charges against him , namely that of contravening Article 11 of King 's Regulations ; he declared the charge invalid because his actions did not " bring him into contempt " , and from witness testimony he portrayed himself as having acted in the best interests of his ships , his actions against Rear Admiral Collard having been made out of a sense of duty and loyalty and not malice .
" It was shown on January 10 , 2010 alongside " Once Upon a Time in Springfield " , which was promoted as the 450th episode of the series . The episode " Million Dollar Maybe " featured a new character created by the winner of the " Best . Character . Ever . " contest , in which fans could submit their own ideas for a new , and possibly recurring , Simpsons character . Over 25,000 entries were sent in . The winner of the contest was Peggy Black from Orange , Connecticut , who created the character Ricardo Bomba .
In 2005 , the tollway authority widened the express lanes from two lanes to three lanes in each direction . This allowed the number of express lanes to match the number of travel lanes on the tollway . Unlike the other tollways in the tollway system , there are no oases on the Veterans Memorial Tollway . This is primarily due to the widespread access to food and fuel throughout the western suburbs when construction began in the late 1980s . When the southern extension was opened in Will County in 2007 , that segment of road also did not have any oases .
The album was recorded with Vig throughout 2008 and into early 2009 at four locations in California : Ocean Way Recording in Hollywood , Studio 880 in Oakland , Jel Studios in Newport Beach , and Costa Mesa Studios in Costa Mesa . While recording in Hollywood , the band members bought cheap turntables from Amoeba Music and listened to many vinyl records for inspiration , including albums by The Beat and The Plimsouls . Armstrong cited as inspiration the music of The Kinks ' Ray Davies , The Pretty Things ' S.F. Sorrow , The Doors ' The Doors and Strange Days , and Meat Loaf 's Bat Out of Hell .
Pound thought writing the cantos meant writing an epic about history and economics , and he wove his economic theories throughout ; neither can be understood without the other . In these pamphlets and in The ABC of Reading , he sought to emphasize the value of art and to " aestheticize the political " – written forcefully , according to Nadel , and in a " determined voice " . In form his criticism and essays are direct , repetitive and reductionist , his rhetoric minimalist , filled with " strident impatience " , according to Pound scholar Jason Coats , and frequently failing to make a coherent claim .
From 11 June until September 1944 the Spitfire equipped No. 453 Squadron RAAF was often based at forward airfields in France and it and Australian light bomber and heavy bomber squadrons supported the liberation of France . RAAF light bomber and fighter squadrons continued to support the Allied armies until the end of the war in Europe by attacking strategic targets and escorting bomber formations . No. 451 and 453 Squadrons formed part of the British Army of Occupation in Germany from September 1945 , and it was planned that there would be a long term Australian presence in this force .
The movement of mass ejected from the Sun is known as the solar wind . Inconsistencies in this wind and larger events on the surface of the star , such as coronal mass ejections , form a system that has features analogous to conventional weather systems ( such as pressure and wind ) and is generally known as space weather . Coronal mass ejections have been tracked as far out in the solar system as Saturn . The activity of this system can affect planetary atmospheres and occasionally surfaces . The interaction of the solar wind with the terrestrial atmosphere can produce spectacular aurorae , and can play havoc with electrically sensitive systems such as electricity grids and radio signals .
I never correct anything and I never go back to see what I have written ... By following my formula , you write 2,000 words a day . " On completion Fleming wrote to his friend Hilary Bray : I baked a fresh cake in Jamaica this year which I think has finally exhausted my inventiveness as it contains every single method of escape and every variety of suspenseful action that I had omitted from my previous books — in fact everything except the kitchen sink , and if you can think up a good plot involving kitchen sinks , please send it along speedily .
Some bird species have no nests ; the cliff nesting common guillemot lays its eggs on bare rock , and male emperor penguins keep eggs between their body and feet . The absence of nests is especially prevalent in ground nesting species where the newly hatched young are precocial . Incubation , which optimises temperature for chick development , usually begins after the last egg has been laid . In monogamous species incubation duties are often shared , whereas in polygamous species one parent is wholly responsible for incubation . Warmth from parents passes to the eggs through brood patches , areas of bare skin on the abdomen or breast of the incubating birds .
" There were a few days where I was in the headspace where I could say : ' I could go now ' , " said Weisz . The Fountain also stars Ellen Burstyn as Dr. Lillian Guzetti , Tom 's superior , and Mark Margolis as Father Avila , who accompanies Tomás the conquistador . Burstyn and Margolis appeared in Aronofsky 's Requiem for a Dream , and the director wrote into the script roles for both of them . Sean Patrick Thomas , Donna Murphy , and Ethan Suplee were cast as assistants to Tom 's lab work .
He ascended to the office of governor by three different means . First , he succeeded Kentucky governor John W. Stevenson upon the latter 's resignation to accept a seat in the United States Senate in 1871 . Later that year , he was elected to a full term as governor , defeating John Marshall Harlan in the general election . Finally , he was appointed territorial governor by President Grover Cleveland . Leslie was a Confederate sympathizer during the Civil War , but began to adopt a more progressive position during his gubernatorial campaign against Harlan . Though he opposed ratification of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments , he used his influence as governor to effect passage of laws admitting the testimony of blacks in court and providing for an educational system for recently freed slaves .
Recurring characters who appear in " Laryngitis " are Kurt 's father Burt Hummel ( Mike O 'Malley ) , glee club members Santana Lopez ( Naya Rivera ) , Brittany ( Heather Morris ) , Mike Chang ( Harry Shum , Jr . ) and Matt Rutherford ( Dijon Talton ) , school reporter Jacob Ben Israel ( Josh Sussman ) and AV club president Lauren Zizes ( Ashley Fink ) . Rizwan Manji plays Dr. Gidwani . Zack Weinstein guest stars as Sean Fretthold , a football player who was paralyzed below the upper chest after injuring his spinal cord at C4 in an accident , similar to the actor 's injury in real life .
The route enters the community of Larrysville , where the route turns to the northwest through a line of forests . Route 287 intersects with Zinck Road , where the roadway becomes highly developed , following the route past residential homes and a large factory . The route crosses through a small patch of forests and enters Mifflin Township , where it intersects with Pennsylvania Route 973 . Route 973 becomes concurrent with Route 287 here , entering the community of Salladasburg , where the two highways fork . Route 287 continues northward on the right of way , while Route 973 heads to the northeast along Main Street .
Transferring in 1906 to the Norwegian Military College , he graduated with the highest score since the college 's inception in 1817 , and was rewarded by an audience with the King . On 1 November 1911 , he joined the army General Staff . Norway was neutral in the First World War ; Quisling detested the peace movement , though the high human cost of the war did temper his views . In March 1918 , he was sent to Russia as an attaché at the Norwegian legation in Petrograd , to take advantage of the five years he had spent studying the country .
" The Islamic concept of Taqwa is closely related to conscience . In the Qur ’ ān verses 2 : 197 & 22 : 37 Taqwa refers to " right conduct " or " piety " , " guarding of oneself " or " guarding against evil " . Qur ’ ān verse 47 : 17 says that God is the ultimate source of the believer 's taqwā which is not simply the product of individual will but requires inspiration from God . In Qur ’ ān verses 91 : 7 – 8 , God the Almighty talks about how He has perfected the soul , the conscience and has taught it the wrong ( fujūr ) and right ( taqwā ) .
The species is characterized by its unusual stem , which is covered with short lateral branches . The branches often produce spherical slimeheads of translucent conidiophores on their swollen tips . The conidiophores produce conidia ( asexual spores ) by mitosis . Because the fungus can rely on either sexual or asexual modes of reproduction , fruit bodies sometimes have reduced or even missing caps . The unusual stems originate from black pea sized structures called sclerotia . The anamorphic form of the fungus , known as Tilachlidiopsis racemosa , is missing the sexual stage of its life cycle . It can reproduce at relatively low temperatures , an adaptation believed to improve its ability to grow quickly and fruit on decomposing mushrooms .
Bertha maintained hurricane status as it approached Atlantic Canada , and briefly reached winds of 80 mph ( 129 km / h ) before weakening and making landfall near Sydney , Nova Scotia on August 1 as a 70 mph ( 113 km / h ) tropical storm . The storm was transitioning into an extratropical cyclone while approaching Atlantic Canada , and lost all tropical characteristics shortly after moving ashore . The weakening extratropical remnants of Bertha turned northward into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and lost its identity shortly thereafter . The formation of Bertha in close proximity of the East Coast of the United States prompted residents to stock up on emergency supplies and monitor the storm .
Pacific had originally intended to run local driver Katsumi Yamamoto in place of Délétraz , but he was not granted an FIA Super Licence and so Gachot retook the seat . Similarly , the Forti team 's plans to replace Roberto Moreno with Hideki Noda came to nought for the same reason , even though Noda had started three Grands Prix for the Larrousse team the previous year . Two practice sessions were held before the race ; the first was held on Friday morning and the second on Saturday morning . Both sessions lasted 1 hour and 45 minutes with weather conditions dry throughout .
It probably reused stone and lead from Bealieu and Netley abbeys , which had recently been closed during the Dissolution of the Monasteries . The castle initially had a garrison of eight gunners , five soldiers and a lieutenant , under the command of a captain . In the late 1540s , it was heavily armed by the standards of the time , with 36 pieces of artillery . In the 1580s , the castle caught fire and the timber needed for the repairs required 127 trees to be sent from the New Forest . The work was carried out in 1584 , prompted by the threat of a Spanish invasion , but by that time its garrison had shrunk to eight men .
The episode also acquired a 4.4 rating in the 18 – 34 demographic , finishing first in its timeslot . The episode received generally positive reviews from television sources and critics . Although the live action sequences with Conway Twitty from previous episodes were highly criticized , IGN writer Ahsan Haque felt that the live action footage in this episode " blends in pretty well " . Haque praised Barrymore 's portrayal of Jillian in the episode , saying that she had " some great comedy moments . " He went on to grade the episode 8 out of 10 , and said that the live action footage " seemed to work somehow here , and the storyline took center stage here " and that " you can 't argue against an attempt to tell an actual story , and for that reason , this episode 's definitely worth watching .
According to the CAB there had been 159 mid air collisions in the years 1947 1957 , and that in 1957 alone there were 971 near misses . The increased speed of aircraft and higher air traffic density made it harder to give pilots enough time to spot each other during flights . Therefore , the CAB said , " it is essential that positive control be extended to altitudes at 35,000 feet and on additional routes as rapidly as practical . " At the time such control only existed between 17,000 and 22,000 feet on certain transcontinental airways . In the wake of the two airliners lost in the April and May 1958 collisions , investigators from a House of Representatives committee — concerned about the lack of coordination between civil and military air traffic controllers — imposed a 60 day deadline on the CAB and the Air Force to establish new control procedures .
" Regarding the World X Cup , Keller said the third round bout was a dream match for some with " lots of cool spots from start to finish , " but that it had " little context early " and was more just a " bunch of spots . " He also said that the " last ten minutes was better without as many people tagging in and out somewhat indiscriminately . " As for the final round , Keller commented that " it had some spectacular ( and ridiculously dangerous looking ) spots , " but that it ended up " feeling short for a match of that caliber .
Subsequently , the Corps crossed the Mount Carmel Range by the Musmus Pass and the northern Shushu Pass , during the night of 19 / 20 September . As the 4th Cavalry Division rode out across the Esdraelon Plain on the morning of 20 September , towards their primary objective ; the main communications hub at Afulah , they attacked and captured a force sent from Yildirim Army Group headquarters at Nazareth , to hold and bar the Musmus Pass , which had failed to get into position . Afulah was captured by units from both the 5th and the 4th Cavalry Divisions shortly after .
In 1929 , Wood played a celebrated practical joke on musicologists and critics . " I got very fed up with them , always finding fault with any arrangement or orchestrations that I made ... ' spoiling the original ' etc. etc . " , and so Wood passed off his own orchestration of Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D minor , as a transcription by a Russian composer called Paul Klenovsky . In Wood 's later account , the press and the BBC " fell into the trap and said the scoring was wonderful , Klenovsky had the real flare [ sic ] for true colour etc .
Agnes , the eldest of the Nottidge sisters , objected to the spiritual marriage which entailed a celibate life and , as one writer reports , became pregnant by another member of the community ; however , it is unlikely that she committed adultery because her husband never accused her , and she later gained sole custody of their child in 1850 , after proving herself of good moral character before a court . Agnes wrote to her younger sister Louisa warning her not to come to Spaxton . Despite this Louisa travelled to Somerset to join them . Her mother Emily feared the spiritual and financial influence that Prince had established over her daughters .
In 1646 , after several naval successes against Spain along the Mediterranean , Cardinal Mazarin planned a naval expedition to conquer the Spanish held State of Presidi with the aim of interrupting Spanish communications with the Kingdom of Naples , threatening the initial stage of the Spanish military corridor , the so called Spanish Road , and also to frighten pope Innocent X , whose Spanish sympathies displeased him . For this purpose , a fleet commanded by young Admiral Marquis of Brézé was assembled at Toulon . Made of 36 galleons , 20 galleys and a large complement of minor vessels , it had on board an army of some 8,000 infantry and 800 cavalry with baggage under the command of Thomas Francis of Savoy , who had previously been at the employ of the Spanish Crown .
The song is loosely about AIDS and contains the Italian language lyric " Fuggi , regal fantasima " , taken from Giuseppe Verdi 's opera Macbeth . According to Wainwright , the line appears in a scene when " Macbeth is going mad and sees the ghost , and in [ Wainwright 's ] mind the ghost was AIDS . " " Matinee Idol " is about the rise and fall of an entertainment figure , inspired by the death of actor River Phoenix . According to Greenwald , the musical song has a " 1920s , cabaret musical feel " .
Manual shared athletic facilities with Male for many years , but in the early 1920s alumni raised funds to construct Manual Stadium . The stadium opened in 1924 with 14,021 permanent seats . It was one of the largest high school stadiums in America at the time . The original structure was condemned and closed in 1952 after years of heavy use and minimal upkeep , and was reopened after being rebuilt in 1954 . Its modern capacity is 11,463 . The Louisville Girls High School opened as Female High School in 1856 at what became the intersection of Armory Place and Muhammad Ali Boulevard .
There is always a possibility for Nick and Sharon to get back together ! " However , Soaps In Depth wrote : " Yet , with Sharon 's secret haunting her like the glowering ghost of Christmas past , the supercouple 's fans may need a holiday miracle to keep Sharon and Nick 's relationship from exploding ! " In February 2003 , Case temporarily exited the show as a result of lengthy contract negotiations . Instead of having the character depart permanently ( or be killed off ) , executive producer David Shaughnessy chose to have her leave town after issues with her marriage to Nick .
It consisted of a rectangular buckle , with the words " Boy " and " Toy " emblazed on it in gold color . For choosing a music director for the tour , Madonna 's manager Freddy DeMann contacted record producer Patrick Leonard , who had just returned from the Victory Tour by The Jackson 5 . At first Leonard said no , feeling exhausted from the Victory Tour , but after he spoke to Madonna on the phone , he found her charming , and agreed to sign for the tour . Beastie Boys were signed as the opening act for the tour .
His works were illustrated by one of the Moldavian SSR 's leading visual artists , Igor Vieru , who also painted a portrait of the author . In 1967 , Ioviță and filmmaker Gheorghe Vodă released Se caută un paznic : an adaptation of " Ivan Turbincă " and one of the successful samples of early Moldovan cinema , it was also noted for the musical score , composed by Eugen Doga . Also during that period , " The Goat ... " and " The Purse a ' Tuppence " were made into animated shorts ( directed by Anton Mater and Constantin Condrea ) .
This may also suggest that banded archerfish are capable of three dimensional tasks . The breeding habits of the banded archerfish are not well known . Banded archerfish first begin to breed when they are about 10 centimetres ( 3.9 in ) long . The banded archerfish reproduces by spawning . There are reports that banded archerfish go to saltwater reefs to spawn , but these have not been confirmed . Archerfish lay 20,000 to 150,000 eggs at a time . Banded archerfish rarely breed in captivity . The banded archerfish inhabits the Indo Pacific and waters off northern Australia , and less frequently those on the southern coast of Australia .
Another trough re curved Karl northward on September 24 as the storm was gradually weakening . Early on September 25 , Karl became extratropical while located about 585 mi ( 940 km ) east of Cape Race , Newfoundland . The remnants of Karl accelerated northeastward and then east northeastward . Sustained winds up to 89 mph ( 143 km / h ) and gusts reaching 112 mph ( 180 km / h ) were observed on Mykines in the Faroe Islands . The extratropical remnants of Karl dissipated over Norway on September 28 . At 18 : 00 UTC on September 19 , a tropical wave developed into Tropical Depression Thirteen , which was centered located about 520 mi ( 840 km ) west southwest of Cape Verde .
The new bears unwittingly make a huge mess of everything ( especially when the huge mansion they asked for causes pollution ) . Then , after a confrontation with them at a picnic ( " Get a Lot " ) Wish Bear accidentally wishes Twinkers away to the new bears ; they soon abuse the star 's power with an amusement park focusing on Me Bear , a mud pie for Messy Bear , and a huge noisy motorcycle for Too Loud Bear . Once the new bears finally realise their problem , they try to fix it with more wishes , but to no avail — Care a lot becomes a blank white space ( wishing that all of this was gone ) , the bears begin to glow in color ( wishing for everything to be back how it was , but with more color ) , Grumpy Bear turns black and white ( wishing for less color ) , and Messy Bear turns into Messy Cub ( wishing for everything to be like it used to be ) .
The poems in Buah Rindu date to the period between 1928 and 1935 , Amir 's first years in Java ; the collection gives the two years , as well the location of writing as Jakarta – Solo ( Surakarta ) – Jakarta . The dates of the poems themselves are unclear . None of Amir 's works are dated , meaning a definite date is impossible to establish . There are several hypotheses . Nh . Dini , in her biography of Amir , suggests that some , such as " Tinggallah " , were written not long after he boarded the Plancus , on his way to Java .
With her entrance , she became the third female , after Chyna and Beth Phoenix , to participate in a Royal Rumble match . This also marked her first and only official WWE match . In July 2012 , Stevens confirmed via Twitter that she had parted ways with WWE , after being released from her contract . By August 19 , she had been added to the list of the playable characters on the main roster in the WWE ' 13 video game . In September 2013 , Stevens revealed that she was granted her release from WWE because she was not ready to return in the time they allotted for her .
Through 1948 Prix Edmond Blanc winner Menetrier he is an ancestor of multiple time Canadian Champion sire and Hall of Fame inductee Vice Regent and his brother Viceregal and their many descendants ( which include Deputy Minister , Victory Gallop and Trempolino ) , as well as Canadian Horse of the Year Canebora and 1979 Prix du Jockey Club winner Top Ville . All these were descended through another unnamed daughter foaled in 1813 , as was Hyacinthus , who won the 1940 Middle Park Stakes . This unnamed daughter of Wizard was never trained to race as she was crippled .
Details about Panaman 's first two animal transport journeys are not known , but her third trip began 1 April 1918 when she sailed from Newport News , Virginia , with 180 animals for Saint Nazaire . All 180 animals arrived in good health ; none had died , fallen ill , or been injured during the trip . Further details of Panaman 's Army service are not known . On 12 August , Panaman was transferred to the United States Navy at New York , and was commissioned into the Naval Overseas Transportation Service ( NOTS ) the same day .
The three tiers of the order are Companion , Officer , and Member ; specific individuals may be given extraordinary membership and deserving non Canadians may receive honorary appointment into each grade . The monarch — at present Elizabeth II — is Sovereign of the order and the serving governor general , currently David Lloyd Johnston , is its Chancellor and Principal Companion and administers the order on behalf of the reigning king or queen . Appointees to the order are recommended by an advisory board and formally inducted by the governor general or the sovereign . As of October 2015 , 6,531 people have been appointed to the Order of Canada , including scientists , musicians , politicians , artists , athletes , business people , and film stars , benefactors , and others .
" Other investors followed his actions closely , terming him " too shrewd to be caught , too rich to be ruined " , and his sway and influence in the market was indeed enormous . However , this aura of untouchability nearly came to an end when the cornermaster was himself cornered . Little particularly favored shorting the stocks of the Erie Railroad Company , and it was here that he was trapped by the cornering of the company 's stock by a hostile syndicate of rival stockbrokers calling itself the " Happy Family " ( in much the same way as he had done to countless other traders before ) .
Legislation honoring Cope is currently pending before the United States House of Representatives , having already passed in the United States Senate . Born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to Jewish parents of Lithuanian ancestry , Cope graduated from Taylor Allderdice High School in 1947 and was inducted into their alumni hall of fame in 2009 . He also graduated from the University of Pittsburgh . He was originally a journalist before becoming a broadcaster . His first job was in Erie , Pennsylvania , with the Daily Times , and by the summer of 1951 , he was working for the Pittsburgh Post Gazette .
On a whim , Naylor whistled and the dog rushed forward , lapping Naylor 's face . Tailing them until they reached the Maddens ' house , the beagle remained under a tree , her paws cushioning her head during the drizzly afternoon . Naylor cried during her and her husband 's trip home that night . Rex asked her if she would have a " nervous breakdown " or if she would " do something about it " . That " something " referred to writing a book , which she did . She believed that someone had abused the dog and was confronted by a series of questions : What if I knew who was abusing it ?
1008 – 1026 ) , a close ally of the Byzantine Emperor , Basil II ( r . 976 – 1025 ) , which suggests that Hungary 's relationship with the Byzantine Empire was also peaceful . On the other hand , the alliance between Hungary and the Holy Roman Empire brought her into a war with Poland lasting from around 1014 until 1018 . The Poles occupied the Hungarian posts along the river Morava . Györffy and Kristó write that a Pecheneg incursion into Transylvania , the memory of which has been preserved in Stephen 's legends , also took place in this period , because the Pechenegs were close allies of the Polish duke 's brother in law , Grand Prince Sviatopolk I of Kiev ( r .
As he talks , Angelica imagines herself as the Pharaoh of Egypt , who commands the Hebrew slaves ( imagined as the other Rugrats and numerous other babies ) to throw their newborn sons into the Nile River . One Hebrew slave defies the order by putting her infant son , Moses ( imagined as Tommy ) , into a basket and setting the basket afloat in the river . The basket and baby are discovered by Pharaoh Angelica , who shows Moses around her palace and kingdom , and decides to make him her partner . As Boris explains that the Pharaoh was unaware that Moses himself was actually a Hebrew , Chas enters the attic , looking for the children , and becomes locked in with the rest of them .
M. challengeri is a significant prey item for ling , as well as being an important fishery species for human consumption ; trawlers catch around 1,000 t ( 2,200,000 lb ) per year under the limitations of New Zealand 's Quota Management System . The species was first collected by the Challenger expedition of 1872 – 1876 , but only described as separate from related species by Heinrich Balss in 1914 . Although originally classified in the genus Nephrops , it was moved in 1972 to a new genus , Metanephrops , along with most other species then classified in Nephrops .
After the start of his career for the Red Devils , he found first team opportunities rare towards the end of the 2004 – 05 season . He was given a rare first team start in January 2005 in an FA Cup tie against non league Exeter City , but turned in a poor performance and was substituted in the second half . In his entire time at the club he made only 22 first team appearances . Miller later commented that " Man Utd didn 't work out but I have no regrets about giving it a go . " In July 2006 , The Telegraph reported that Miller would be allowed to leave Manchester United , should the Red Devils receive a suitable offer .
Its lyrics propose a sexual encounter with a lover whose boyfriend is gone for the weekend . Gaga was inspired to write the song from her " mucky " fantasies . She said in an interview with the Daily Mirror : In my mind when I picture sex dreams , it 's so bizarre ! .. It 's me standing there with some massive couture creation , staring at a blow up doll or something . That 's what my sex dreams are like . My sex dreams are weird ... Haven 't you ever been laying in bed with someone and fantasised about someone else ?
Starting all but four of Manchester City 's matches in the 1925 – 26 season , Cowan was a key part of the team which reached the 1926 FA Cup Final , winning several ties by wide margins en route . However , in the final City were beaten 1 – 0 by Bolton Wanderers . Further disappointment followed in the league , when after a campaign characterised by erratic form , City were relegated on the final day of the season . By this time Cowan 's reputation as a competent centre back had grown , and he received an international call up .
The decree nisi was issued in December 1960 , which enabled him to marry Plowright in March 1961 . A son , Richard , was born in December 1961 ; two daughters followed , Tamsin Agnes Margaret — born in January 1963 — and Julie Kate , born in July 1966 . In 1961 Olivier accepted the directorship of a new theatrical venture , the Chichester Festival . For the opening season in 1962 he directed two neglected 17th century English plays , John Fletcher 's 1638 comedy The Chances and John Ford 's 1633 tragedy The Broken Heart , followed by Uncle Vanya .
Sections of I 80 in the Council Bluffs area did not open for another couple years . A short section between Madison Avenue and US 6 opened in 1968 . The interstate was completed from the eastern junction with I 29 to I 80N in late December 1969 . On both sides of the state , the respective river crossings opened to traffic nearly two years later than the connecting highways . Near LeClaire , the Fred Schwengel Memorial Bridge over the Mississippi River opened in 1966 after the highway had been completed to US 67 , which runs at the foot of the bridge , in 1964 .
According to the collective bargaining agreement ( CBA ) between the NHL and NHL Players Association ( NHLPA ) , he was entitled to free agency within the league , beginning on 1 July . However , a conflicting agreement between the league and Swedish ice hockey officials required that he sign an NHL contract on or before 30 June in order to leave Sweden . With the deadline approaching , Näslund filed a federal lawsuit against the NHL claiming that their agreement with Swedish officials could not override his rights as a player under the CBA . The case went to a federal judge in Newark , New Jersey , who ruled in favour of Näslund on 29 June .
It is a bronze medallion said to contain a dark deity who brought chaos to the world 800 years before and caused all the world but Tellius to be engulfed by the sea . To prevent the dark god being freed , war must be prevented in Tellius . There are forty six characters encountered through the story that can be recruited , each offering their own contribution to the story . The majority of the main cast comes from the Greil Mercenaries group , led by its founder Greil . The protagonist is Ike , Greil 's son . He is accompanied on his travels by Mist , his sister , and Elincia Ridell Crimea , the lost heir to the Crimean Throne .
Diocletian delegated further on 1 March 293 , appointing Galerius and Constantius as Caesars , junior co emperors . Under this ' tetrarchy ' , or " rule of four " , each emperor would rule over a quarter division of the empire . Diocletian secured the empire 's borders and purged it of all threats to his power . He defeated the Sarmatians and Carpi during several campaigns between 285 and 299 , the Alamanni in 288 , and usurpers in Egypt between 297 and 298 . Galerius , aided by Diocletian , campaigned successfully against Sassanid Persia , the empire 's traditional enemy .
Cooper is represented by Larry Phillips ( Republican ) in the Texas State Legislature 's 62nd District . Senator Bob Hall ( Republican ) represents Cooper in the Texas State Senate 's 2nd District . The town is represented in the United States House of Representatives by John Ratcliffe ( Republican ) , and by John Cornyn ( Republican ) and Ted Cruz ( Republican ) in the United States Senate . Delta County has historically been advanced in education . Around the time that Cooper and the county were founded , there were already nine churches in the county .
In December 2011 the Bureau of Investigative Journalism shot a covert video interview with Bell Pottinger executives , in which the executives referred to their " dark arts " for manipulating Wikipedia entries for their clients . The following month CIPR announced it would work with the Wikipedia community to create guidance for public relations professionals on how to participate ethically on Wikipedia . CIPR 's guidance was made available for editing by the Wikipedia community and published in June 2012 . According to PRWeek and CorpComms Magazine the most important aspect of CIPR 's guidance is that PR professionals not directly edit Wikipedia articles about their clients or employers .
Eddie Vedder premiered two songs from the recording on January 8 , 1995 during his Self Pollution radio broadcast . The recordings quickly circulated amongst the music industry , which in turn created record label interest . A deal was eventually signed to Capitol Records , as president Gary Gersh was a personal friend of Grohl ever since he worked on Nirvana 's label Geffen Records . The mixing sessions of the album began in Robert Lang Studios ( which were used on the 100 tapes Grohl gave away ) but eventually those mixes were discarded and the sessions moved to Rob Schnapf and Tom Rothrock 's " The Shop " studio in Arcata , California .
Kennedy also attended the Hague Academy of International Law during one summer . At Virginia , Kennedy felt that he had to study " four times as hard and four times as long " as other students to keep up with them . His grades were mostly C 's ; he was in the middle of the class ranking , but was the winner of the prestigious William Minor Lile Moot Court Competition . He was elected head of the Student Legal Forum and via his family connections brought many prominent speakers to the campus . While there , his fast automotive habits were curtailed when he was charged with reckless driving and driving without a license .
He is depicted as a well meaning , but cantankerous , maverick politician who readily partakes of alcoholic refreshment , owns a loyal hound dog ( which is intolerantly allowed to wait for Hopkins inside Independence Hall ) , and whose force of personality helps keep the Continental Congress together . When asked for his vote on opening debate on Virginia 's resolution on independence , the representative from Rhode Island to the Continental Congress declares : " I 've never seen , heard , nor smelled an issue that was so dangerous it couldn 't be talked about . Hell yes , I 'm for debating anything !
The walls facing the interior courtyard have been especially well preserved . During survey work at the arcopolis , archaeologists discovered a 13.5 centimetre ( 5.3 in ) long flint knife deliberately embedded in the interior of the north wall , it weighed 225 grams ( 7.9 oz ) . The knife was embedded in the mortar of the infill with the blade pointing outwards , with three embedded decorations near the tip . Archaeologists believe the blade was deposited during rituals associated with the construction of the building . The outer eastern wall of the acropolis is especially well preserved , including a cornice 3.8 metres ( 12 ft ) above the floor level of the building , which is 4 to 5 metres ( 13 to 16 ft ) above the plaza floor .
At Mach 3 cruising speed , the shock wave attached along the wing leading edge , preventing the high pressure behind the shock front from leaking up over the wing . The compression lift provided five percent of the total lift . The wing included inboard camber to more effectively use the higher pressure field behind the strong shock wave . Unique among aircraft of its size , the outer portions of the wings were hinged , and could be pivoted downward by up to 65 degrees , acting almost as a type of variable geometry wingtip device . This increased the aircraft 's directional stability at supersonic speeds , shifted the center of lift to a more favorable position at high speeds , and strengthened the compression lift effect .
Considering a profession in the discipline , he won a studentship that had been established jointly by the University of London and the Society of Antiquaries in memory of Augustus Wollaston Franks . The prominent archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans doubled the amount of money that went with the studentship . Wheeler 's proposed project had been to analyse Romano Rhenish pottery , and with the grant he funded a trip to the Rhineland in Germany , there studying the Roman pottery housed in local museums ; his research into this subject was never published . At this period , there were very few jobs available within British archaeology ; as the later archaeologist Stuart Piggott related , " the young Wheeler was looking for a professional job where the profession had yet to be created .
PRSA is governed by a Leadership Assembly that consists of delegates representing its membership , a board of directors and various committees and task forces . Positions are elected and served on a volunteer basis . PRSA hosts an accreditation program , industry awards , networking events and a code of conduct . PRSA also advocates on behalf of the public relations industry for changes in education and for the credibility of the profession . The Public Relations Society of America was formed in 1947 by combining the American Council on Public Relations and the National Association of Public Relations Councils .
" The scenes where Dualla finds the set of jacks and where Laura Roslin holds the plant cutting were added by director Michael Nankin . Weddle notes that although Nankin usually peppers his writers with script notes , he did not do so for this script . Cost estimates indicated that the script , as originally written , would be $ 300,000 over budget ( about two and a half times what the studio would have permitted ) and a number of scenes were cut . An extensive opening segment which would have depicted the destruction of Earth was changed to the filmed segment in which Tyrol sees a flash of light and his shadow is left on a wall .
The Italians did not disclose the specifications of the Pugliese system and instead used a multiple torpedo bulkhead system . Regardless , the Soviet Navy did not use the U.P. 41 design as the basis for the Sovetsky Soyuz class battleships they laid down in the late 1930s . They were , however , equipped with the Pugliese system , the details of which were revealed through Soviet espionage . In preparing the design for the Design 1047 type of battlecruisers in early 1940 , the Dutch Navy inspected Vittorio Veneto , then under construction , in hopes of gathering some experience on the underwater protection system .
The writing of these two stories , on my part , was in truth a protest against the ' humanizing ' of animals , of which it seemed to me several ' animal writers ' had been profoundly guilty . Time and again , and many times , in my narratives , I wrote , speaking of my dog heroes : ' He did not think these things ; he merely did them , ' etc . And I did this repeatedly , to the clogging of my narrative and in violation of my artistic canons ; and I did it in order to hammer into the average human understanding that these dog heroes of mine were not directed by abstract reasoning , but by instinct , sensation , and emotion , and by simple reasoning .
NY 398 passed Firwood Barn as it climbed in elevation . The route turned to the southeast and passed some small parks . After that , the route became more rural , climbing even higher in elevation and intersecting with another local road . After the local road however , the highway began to patch its way through several hills and mountains , but this did not last long . The highway then became rural again , emerging from the mountains behind it . There were a few short hills the rest of the way along NY 398 , until it entered the small hamlet of Sunnyside .
The parody of Tom Cruise ( Kevin Bishop ) is framed through the viewpoint of the actor 's association with the Church of Scientology . The show recounts the actor 's days with a group of actors known as the Brat Pack , and how he maintains a friendship with Patrick Swayze , an actor from this crowd . ( Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors and actresses who frequently appeared together in teen oriented coming of age films in the 1980s ; Cruise has been referred to as a member due to his role in the film The Outsiders .
Even though some of the agreement was never implemented , a section of the Zagreb – Belgrade motorway passing through RSK territory near Okučani and the pipeline were both opened . Following a deadly incident that occurred in late April 1995 on the recently opened motorway , Croatia reclaimed all of the RSK 's territory in western Slavonia during Operation Flash , taking full control of the territory by 4 May , three days after the battle began . In response , the ARSK attacked Zagreb using M 87 Orkan missiles with cluster munitions . Subsequently , Milošević sent a senior Yugoslav Army officer to command the ARSK , along with arms , field officers and thousands of Serbs born in the RSK area who had been forcibly conscripted by the ARSK .
In sexual terms , the lyrics can be interpreted in different ways for different people . In " Over and Over " , Madonna sings about determination and picking yourself up from disappointments . The song consists of instrumentation from drums , synths and has a three chord progression . An emotional moment occurred in the recording studio when Madonna covered the 1978 Rose Royce song " Love Don 't Live Here Anymore " . Rodgers recalled : " Madonna had never performed with a live orchestra before . I was very much into doing everything live , so I just said , ' Madonna , you go out there and sing and we will follow you .
Constance ( 1374 – 1416 ) Richard — ( 1375 – 1415 ) Blanche ( 1342 ) — died as a child . Mary of Waltham ( 1344 – 1362 ) — married John V , Duke of Brittany . No issue . Margaret ( 1346 – 1361 ) — married John Hastings , 2nd Earl of Pembroke . No issue . Joan ( b . 1351 ) Thomas ( 1355 – 1397 ) — murdered or executed for treason by order of Richard II ; his daughter , Anne , married Edmund Stafford . Edward ’ s long reign had forged a new national identity , reinforced by Middle English beginning to establish itself as the spoken and written language of government .
Over the course of the entire war this source of revenue contributed only 0.2 % of total wartime expenditure . Another potential source of finance could be found in the property and physical capital owned by Northerners in the South , and the debts owed by individuals in a parallel manner . The Sequestration Act of 1861 provided for confiscation of all Union " lands , tenements , goods and chattels , right and credits " and the transfer of debt obligation on the part of Confederate citizens from Northern creditors directly to the Confederate government . However , many Southerners proved unwilling to transfer their debt obligations .
After the rescue of Mussolini and the establishment of the Italian Social Republic ( RSI ) , in spite of urging by local German officials , Hitler refused to officially annex South Tyrol , instead he decided that the RSI should hold official sovereignty over these territories , and forbade all measures that would give the impression of official annexation of South Tyrol . However , in practice the territory of South Tyrol within the boundaries defined by Germany as Operationszone Alpenvorland that included Trent , Bolzano , and Belluno , were de facto incorporated into Germany 's Reichsgau Tirol Vorarlberg and administered by its Gauleiter Franz Hofer .
Because many of the clubs had already arranged fixtures for the coming season it was only Kingston Wanderers who moved forward with the plan , although several other clubs were to amalgamate with them in future seasons . On 13 September 1893 , the club changed its name to Kingston on Thames A.F.C. They entered the Surrey Junior Cup affiliated to the Surrey Football Association . The first competitive match in Kingston 's history was in November 1893 and resulted in a loss , after a replayed game , to Hampton Court & East Molesey F.C. When Kingston on Thames ventured into the Surrey Senior Cup in 1894 , the heaviest loss of the club to date was recorded , a 13 – 0 loss to Weybridge F.C. The club re entered the Surrey Junior Cup and in 1896 joined the Kingston and District League as founder members .
Up to 50 characters can be active in a single game , and non player activity is offloaded to Microsoft 's cloud computing services to optimize local graphical performance . The game 's development team began work on the title in 2011 , and their Titan concept grew from a human sized suit into a battle tank exoskeleton . The team sought to bring " scale , verticality , and story " to its multiplayer genre through elements traditionally reserved for single player campaigns . The 65 person project took inspiration from Blade Runner , Star Wars , Abrams Battle Tank , and Masamune Shirow of Ghost in the Shell .
" The workers said the lack of proof was attributable to the lack of appropriate medical monitoring . As of November 2008 , the case has been unsuccessful . A 2011 report by the Danish National Board of Health found that " the total radiation dose for representative persons in the Thule area for plutonium contamination resulting from the 1968 Thule accident is lower than the recommended reference level , even under extreme conditions and situations . " Radioactive contamination occurred particularly in the marine environment . The fissile material in the weapons consisted mostly of uranium 235 , while the radioactive debris consists of at least two different " source terms " .
The two players were immediately suspended from the football team . The day before the Orange Bowl , Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer announced further suspensions , indicating that backup defensive tackle Nat Williams , backup linebacker Tyron Edmond , and backup receiver Angelo Harrison would not participate in the Orange Bowl . At the conclusion of the 1996 regular season , the Nebraska Cornhuskers boasted the No. 4 rushing offense in Division I A college football , averaging 292 rushing yards per game and 422 overall yards per game . Despite those figures , the Cornhuskers ' two leading rushers were hampered by injury and their participation was in doubt .
In prehistoric times the Columbia 's salmon and steelhead runs numbered an estimated annual average of 10 to 16 million fish . In comparison , the largest run since 1938 was in 1986 , with 3.2 million fish entering the Columbia . The annual catch by natives has been estimated at 42 million pounds ( 19,000 t ) . The most important and productive native fishing site was located at Celilo Falls , which was perhaps the most productive inland fishing site in North America . The falls were located at the border between Chinookan- and Sahaptian speaking peoples and served as the center of an extensive trading network across the Pacific Plateau .
The Zimbabwe National Army reported no fatal casualties . Hill and Husher were each awarded the Bronze Cross of Zimbabwe for their part in putting down the rebellion , while Dyck received the Silver Cross . In his history of the Rhodesian African Rifles , Binda describes Entumbane as the regiment 's greatest victory , commenting that it was won " by dint of professionalism , discipline and determination " in the face of forces that were far larger numerically . Major Michael P Stewart of the United States Army writes that 1RAR 's actions at Entumbane " saved Mugabe 's government from certain civil war " , and provided the " final blow to the military might of ZIPRA " .
Although not located within Arad 's jurisdiction , the Zohar Peak ( 552 m or 1,811 ft ) and Zohar Lookout ( Mitzpe Zohar ) are common hiking and biking destinations on the national trail . The trails codenamed 11335 and 11240 run along the national trail in this area . Arad 's main cultural center is the Center for Culture , Youth and Sports ( Hebrew : מתנ " ס , Matnas ) , named after Samuel Rubin and located on Ben Yair Street near the city 's only mall , the Arad Mall . It was built in 1983 and contains the Arad Museum , Arad 's public library , a concert hall , a tourist information center about the Judean and Negev deserts ( called Arad Visitor Center , founded in 1989 ) , which is temporarily closed , and various related offices .
Other notable American maritime fur traders include William F. Sturgis , Joseph Ingraham , Simon Metcalfe , and Daniel Cross , among others . One of the most successful American firms involved in the Northwest Trade was Perkins and Company . The maritime fur trade was dominated by American traders from the 1790s to the 1820s . Between 1788 and 1826 , American merchant ships made at least 127 voyages between the United States and China , via the Northwest Coast . The returns were lucrative . During the late 1810s , the return on investment ranged from about 300 % to 500 % .
Also saturniid moths of the genera Attacus and Rothschildia display snake heads , but not from the frontal position . Many arctiid moths make clicks when hunted by echolocating bats ; they also often contain unpalatable chemicals . Some such as dogbane tiger moths ( Cycnia tenera ) have ears and conspicuous coloration , and start to make clicks when echolocating bats approach . An experiment by Canadian zoologists John M. Ratcliffe and James H. Fullard , using dogbane tiger moths and northern long eared bats ( Myotis septentrionalis ) , suggests the signals in fact both disrupt echolocation and warn of chemical defence .
Although manifested differently by being re told by different artists , it is nevertheless that the details and the prime components of Batman 's origin have never varied at all in the comic books , the " reiteration of the basic origin events holds together otherwise divergent expressions " . The origin is the source of the character 's traits and attributes , which play out in many of the character 's adventures . Batman is often treated as a vigilante by other characters in his stories . Frank Miller views the character as " a dionysian figure , a force for anarchy that imposes an individual order " .
Dillinger became a national celebrity as a bank robber who eluded arrest and escaped confinement several times . He had become the most celebrated public outlaw since Jesse James . His father appeared in a popular series of newsreels giving police homespun advice on how to catch his son . Dillinger 's popularity rose so quickly that Variety joked that " if Dillinger remains at large much longer and more such interviews are obtained , there may be some petitions circulated to make him our president . " Hays wrote a cablegram to all the studios in March 1934 mandating that Dillinger not be portrayed in any motion picture .
In S , M , L , XL ( 1995 ) , urbanist and architectural theorist Rem Koolhaas took issue with the acerbic , ironic tone of the article , condemning it as a typical reaction by " dead parents deploring the mess [ their ] children have made of their inheritance . " Koolhaas argued that reactions like Gibson 's imply that the positive legacy of modernity can only be intelligently used by Westerners , and that attempts such as Singapore 's at embracing the " newness " of modernity without understanding its history would result in a far reaching and deplorable eradication .
To satisfy these needs , " the Japanese portrayed and catalogued Taiwan 's indigenous peoples in a welter of statistical tables , magazine and newspaper articles , photograph albums for popular consumption " ( Matsuda 2003 : 181 ) . The Japanese based much of their information and terminology on prior Qing era narratives concerning degrees of " civilization " ( Ka 1995 : 27 – 30 ) . Japanese ethnographer Ino Kanori was charged with the task of surveying the entire population of Taiwanese aborigines , applying the first systematic study of aborigines on Taiwan . Ino 's research is best known for his formalization of eight tribes of Taiwanese aborigines : Atayal , Bunun , Saisiat , Tsou , Paiwan , Puyuma , Ami and Pepo ( Pingpu ) ( Suenari 2006 : 6 – 8 ; Blundell 2000 : 15 – 16 ) .
As a teacher , Stanford was sceptical about modernism , and based his instruction chiefly on classical principles as exemplified in the music of Brahms . Among his pupils were rising composers whose fame went on to surpass his own , such as Gustav Holst and Ralph Vaughan Williams . As a conductor , Stanford held posts with the Bach Choir and the Leeds triennial music festival . Stanford composed a substantial number of concert works , including seven symphonies , but his best remembered pieces are his choral works for church performance , chiefly composed in the Anglican tradition .
Three months later , he scored the opening goal in the team 's 1 – 1 away draw to Northern Ireland . After going scoreless for six months at international level , on 4 June 2011 , Chamakh scored the second goal in a 4 – 0 win over Algeria in qualification for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations . Chamakh was excluded from Morocco 's squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations , with coach Rachid Taoussi explaining that the striker had not been playing enough club football to be considered . Scores and results list Morocco 's goal tally first .
The Board came to a conclusion almost identical to that of the first board , expressed as follows : That the sinking of Hood was due to a hit from Bismarck 's 15 inch shell in or adjacent to Hood 's 4 inch or 15 inch magazines , causing them all to explode and wreck the after part of the ship . The probability is that the 4 inch magazines exploded first . Both boards of enquiry exonerated Vice Admiral Holland from any blame regarding the loss of Hood . Memorials to those who died are spread widely around the UK , and some of the crew are commemorated in different locations .
In the Middle Ages , English monarchs washed the feet of beggars in imitation of Jesus , and presented gifts and money to the poor . Over time , additional money was substituted for the clothing and other items that had once been distributed . Beginning in 1699 the monarch did not attend the service , sending an official in his place . The custom of washing the feet did not survive the 18th century . In 1931 Princess Marie Louise was at Royal Maundy , and afterwards suggested that her cousin , King George V , make the distributions the following year , which he did , beginning a new royal custom .
As he approached California , he spoke briefly to John Glenn in a two minute conversation broadcast live across the United States on radio and television . Problems began to recur with the pressure suit , with water condensing on the faceplate ; Schirra , concerned about the internal temperature , avoided opening the visor to clean it for fear that the suit temperature would misbehave again . By the fifth orbit , Schirra had begun to relax , commenting that it was the first rest he had had since December 1961 . He used a small bungee cord exercise device for " a little bit of stretching " , before dropping into manual attitude control , where he reported a sudden burst of oversteering and high fuel use .
The first part opens with trumpet fanfares , alternating with flowing coloraturas in the strings . The voices enter as a third homophonic choir . They repeat the first measure of the fanfare motif on the word " Erschallet " ( resound ! ) , as the trumpets echo the motif . The voices repeat the motif from the second measure of the fanfare on " ihr Lieder " , and the trumpets echo it again . The chorus repeats measures 3 and 4 on " erklinget , ihr Saiten " , commanding the strings to play . As a culmination , the first syllable of " seligste Zeiten " ( most blessed times ) is held on a seventh chord ( first in measure 53 ) , during which the instruments play their motifs .
This has significantly reduced such precarious heights over the knoll as was the case in the early 1990s and prior : in that era , athletes who knew only of the parallel style would aim to jump in an upward trajectory off the table , reaching vast heights but at the expense of distance . Furthermore , rather than glide , they instead plummeted towards the slope . However , compared to Vikersund , Planica is still extremely steep in the flight phase . Anticipating a renewed world record rivalry , organisers in Vikersund have welcomed the healthy competition with Planica .
He made his second debut for the club in a goalless draw with Staines Town in the FA Trophy first round , and also appeared in the replay defeat three days later . He would go on to score three goals in the next three games , all in the Conference South . Just a month after joining Maidenhead he returned to the Conference Premier after signing for Lincoln City on a contract until the end of the 2011 – 12 season . He joined Gainsborough Trinity on trial in August 2012 and scored in the team 's 4 – 0 pre season victory over Doncaster Rovers .
These fossils were taken to the Palaeontology Division at Jaipur for identification . U. B. Mathur and Suresh Srivastava , under the supervision of S. C. Pant , meticulously cleaned many of the skeletal parts ( braincase , dorsal and caudal vertebrae , sacrum , thigh bone , upper arm , shin bones , and others ) , leading to the publication of multiple research papers . There was a lull in further activity until a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) was signed with Punjab University in 1994 – 95 . In 2001 , further research on the fossils was continued by two American scientists sponsored by the American Institute of Indian Studies , New Delhi and the National Geographic Society , U.S.A. The Americans , Paul Sereno and Jeff Wilson , started the reconstruction of the collection of dinosaur bones gathered in 1983 and 1984 .
The gunboats came out to defend her , whereupon the two British frigates anchored between the shore battery and gunboats on one side , and the Pomona on the other . A hard fought action began , which lasted for 35 minutes until the Pomona struck her colours . Three of the gunboats were blown up , six were sunk , and the remaining three were badly damaged . The shore battery was obliged to stop firing after an explosion in one part of it . There were no casualties aboard Anson , but Arethusa lost two killed and 32 wounded , with Brisbane among the latter .
Jovovich found that the sketch had " all the struggle that I 'm singing about . It IS the divine comedy " . The Divine Comedy was well received by critics , and featured pop infused traditional Ukrainian folk songs that led to comparisons with musicians Tori Amos and Kate Bush . John McAlley of Rolling Stone called the album " remarkable " , " strikingly mature and rich in invention " , and as featuring " angst laced poetry with vivid melodies and arrangements that find a common spirit in synth pop , European folk and psychedelic dream rock " .
Outside the breeding season , the waxwing will occupy a wide range of habitats as long as suitable fruits such as rowan are available . It may be found by roads , in parks and gardens or along hedges or woodlands edges . It shows little fear of humans at this time . In winter , waxwings roost communally in dense trees or hedges , sometimes with American robins , fieldfares or other wintering species . Bohemian waxwings start their return from the wintering grounds in February or March , but northern breeders do not reach their breeding areas until April or early May .
Following an argument with Minka about what type of wine glasses they should use ( either the glasses that belonged to Minka 's mother or the ones that belonged Boris 's father ) , Boris storms out of the room ; the two families arrive and Didi tries comforting her mom , who believes Boris has run away . Boris hasn 't reappeared by the time Tommy 's best friend , Chuckie Finster , and his dad , Chas , arrive to join the celebration ; when the Seder begins the children set off to search for Boris , eventually finding him in the attic .
The shelter drawings WAAC acquired were completed between the autumn of 1940 and the spring of 1941 and are regarded as among the finest products of the WAAC scheme . In August 1941 WAAC commissioned Moore to draw miners working underground at the Wheldale Colliery in Yorkshire , where his father had worked at the start of the century . Moore drew the people in the shelters as passively waiting the all clear while miners aggressively worked the coal faces . These drawings helped to boost Moore 's international reputation , particularly in America where examples were included in the WAAC Britain at War exhibition which toured North America throughout the war .
He felt that he had not used his creative potential to its fullest and that success had passed him by . " At the time of Finger 's death in 1974 , DC had not officially credited Finger as Batman co creator . Jerry Robinson , who also worked with Finger and Kane on the strip at this time , has criticized Kane for failing to share the credit . He recalled Finger resenting his position , stating in a 2005 interview with The Comics Journal : Bob made him more insecure , because while he slaved working on Batman , he wasn 't sharing in any of the glory or the money that Bob began to make , which is why ... [ he was ] going to leave [ Kane 's employ ] .
Genesis Hall was the nickname of the former Bell Hotel in Drury Lane , which had become a squat in early 1969 and later became noted for a mass eviction by the police . In the view of Mojo magazine reviewer Mike Baines " Thompson 's writing reached maturity on ' Genesis Hall ' " . " Cajun Woman " , which opens the second side of the album , features Dave Swarbrick 's fiddle playing in his first work with Fairport . The title arose from the band playing the word game Ghost while travelling to and from gigs .
It is critically endangered and found only in Djibouti , a nation in the Horn of Africa . This species is grayish brown overall with white stripes and streaks on its underparts which become finer towards the upperparts . It has black markings on the head and a gray crown and has a short tail . It is 35 cm ( 1.15 ft ) in length , and weighs 940 g ( 33 oz ) . Its natural habitat is high altitude subtropical or tropical dry forests composed primarily of African juniper . However , the juniper forests preferred by the francolin are dying , so it may be found in other habitats , such as box tree forests .
After some time apart , Mills and McCartney separated on 17 May 2006 . In November 2007 , Mills gave a number of interviews , saying that the breakdown of the marriage was caused by her husband 's daughter , Stella , whom she described as " jealous " and " evil " . Mills had previously talked with New York magazine , saying Stella had once issued a press release confirming how much she liked her new stepmother , although Stella 's publicist denied that such a statement had ever been issued . After dismissing Anthony Julius , a Mishcon de Reya lawyer , Mills stated she would represent herself in the upcoming divorce hearing , with help from her sister Fiona , David Rosen ( a solicitor advocate ) , and Michael Shilub , an American attorney .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won the Peace Prize twice for assisting refugees : in 1954 and 1981 . The Curie family has received the most prizes , with four prizes won by five individual laureates . Marie Curie received the prizes in Physics ( in 1903 ) and Chemistry ( in 1911 ) . Her husband , Pierre Curie , shared the 1903 Physics prize with her . Their daughter , Irène Joliot Curie , received the Chemistry Prize in 1935 together with her husband Frédéric Joliot Curie . In addition , the husband of Marie Curie 's second daughter , Henry Labouisse , was the director of UNICEF when it won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965 .
But I couldn 't imagine this guy wanting to get back on any island that had dinosaurs in it after the first movie . " In June 1999 , Craig Rosenberg began writing the first draft of the script , which involved teenagers who get marooned on Isla Sorna . Johnston was announced as the film 's director in August 1999 , with Rosenberg still attached . Production was expected to begin in early 2000 . Rosenberg 's draft about teenagers on Isla Sorna was rejected in September 1999 . Although Johnston felt that it was " not a badly written script , " he also said , " It read like a bad episode of Friends " .
No ballcourt has been identified at the Motul de San José site itself , making the presence of one here of especial interest . Rich deposits were found associated with the ballcourt , including 21,000 potsherds , 239 pieces of obsidian , 155 fragments of ceramic figurines and 84 stone tools . Group O is a small residential group to the west of Plaza V. Various structures have been identified in the area of the port , including retaining walls , a possible breakwater and a quay . The port appears to have been partially enclosed by an artificial peninsula .
The sole survivor is a man named Babcock , who reveals that he has saved the alien corpse from theft by burying it . Together , the three men bring the corpse to the United States . There , Mulder and Arlinsky perform an autopsy on the corpse , believing it belongs to a genuine extraterrestrial . After Mulder leaves to meet with Scully , a mysterious assassin , Scott Ostelhoff , arrives and kills Arlinsky . Scully introduces Mulder to Kritschgau , who claims that everything Mulder thinks he knows about aliens is a lie . He tells him that his sister 's abduction was fabricated , that all evidence of alien biology are merely scientific anomalies , and that the alien body he has just examined was fake .
From there , the railroad was to continue to the Pacific Ocean following whatever proved to be the best route . The route was scheduled to be completed by July 4 , 1878 . However , the Southern Pacific was able to get a clause favorable to their own interests inserted into the charter : " ... the Southern Pacific Railroad ... is hereby authorized to connect with the said Atlantic and Pacific railroad formed under this act , at such point , near the boundary line of the State of California , as they shall deem most suitable for a railroad line to San Francisco .
At the time , the storm was moving slowly northward due to the influence of a large mid- to upper level trough . Located in a favorable environment of sea surface temperatures around 86 ° F ( 30 ° C ) and low vertical wind shear , Marty strengthened steadily . Early on September 27 , the NHC noted that rapid intensification was possible . However , as Marty neared the base of the trough , westerly vertical wind shear increased rapidly , causing the low level circulation center to be partially exposed . Despite the hostile wind shear , the cyclone reformed a central dense overcast and intensified into a hurricane by 12 : 00 UTC ( 7 a.m. CDT ) on September 28 , as a mid level eye feature was seen in microwave satellite imagery .
In a non pregnant woman , the cervix is usually 2 to 3 cm long ( ~ 1 inch ) and roughly cylindrical in shape . The narrow , central cervical canal runs along its entire length , connecting the uterine cavity and the lumen of the vagina . The opening into the uterus is called the internal os , and the opening into the vagina is called the external os . The lower part of the cervix , known as the vaginal portion of the cervix ( or ectocervix ) , bulges into the top of the vagina . The cervix has been documented anatomically since at least the time of Hippocrates , over 2,000 years ago .
The Face of Boe was originally intended to die in " New Earth " , but as that episode featured another death , it was put off . The meaning of Boe 's final words are revealed in " Utopia " , while " Last of the Time Lords " suggest that the Face of Boe 's true identity is Captain Jack Harkness ( John Barrowman ) . " Gridlock " was in the third filming block for the series , along with " The Lazarus Experiment " . Filming took place from mid September to early October 2006 . The episode uses " some of the largest and most complex CGI effects of all the series so far " .
One of the voice actors from Son of Cliché , Chris Barrie went on to portray Arnold Rimmer in the Red Dwarf TV series . Episodes of Dave Hollins can be found on the 2 disc Red Dwarf DVD sets starting with series 5 and ending with series 8 . The main setting of the series is the eponymous mining spaceship Red Dwarf , which is 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) long , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) tall , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) wide and is operated by the Jupiter Mining Corporation . In the first episode set sometime in the late 22nd century , an on board radiation leak of cadmium II kills everyone except for lowest ranking technician Dave Lister , who is in suspended animation at the time , and his pregnant cat , Frankenstein , who is safely sealed in the cargo hold .
In 1940 Tunis received $ 200 from his publisher to visit the Dodgers ' spring training camp in Clearwater , Florida . He then began work on his first baseball novel . The Kid from Tomkinsville became the first in a series of eight books about the Brooklyn Dodgers . In it , Tunis introduced rookie pitcher Roy Tucker and his teammates : " Bones " Hathaway , " Razzle " Nugent and " Fat Stuff " Foster . Tunis says in a note at the beginning of the book that " all the characters in this book were drawn from real life .
" As well as allegedly exploiting female wrestlers sexually , Ellison has been accused of using her financial influence to control the women 's wrestling scene and ensure that other women did not gain greater recognition . In addition to being a key participant in the original screwjob on Wendi Richter , Ellison used her influence to take over the spot originally held by her protégé Mad Maxine on the animated series Hulk Hogan 's Rock ' n ' Wrestling . Maxine was about to receive a big push by Vince McMahon but left the WWF shortly afterwards , as Ellison was unwilling to provide her with additional bookings .
" A retrospective review from Bruce Eder at Allmusic stated it " might be the best debut album ever delivered by an American blues band , a bold , powerful , hard edged , soulful essay in electric blues with a native Southern ambience . " All songs written by Gregg Allman , except where noted . Side one " Don 't Want You No More " ( Spencer Davis , Edward Hardin ) – 2 : 25 " It 's Not My Cross to Bear " – 5 : 02 " Black Hearted Woman " – 5 : 08 " Trouble No More " ( McKinley Morganfield aka Muddy Waters ) – 3 : 45 Side two " Every Hungry Woman " – 4 : 13 " Dreams " – 7 : 18 " Whipping Post " – 5 : 17 All credits adapted from liner notes .
However , she learnt the right pronunciation and diction with the help of producer , Yash Johar and the crew members . Her comic dramatic performance met with unanimous critical acclaim and won her several awards , including her third Filmfare Award and her second Screen Award in the Best Actress category . Taran Adarsh labelled her as " first rate " and predicted that her " Punjabi dialect will win her immense praise " . The Hindu wrote , " Kajol ... steals the thunder from under very high noses indeed . With her precise timing and subtle lingering expression , she is a delight all the way .
During the events of Final Fantasy X , the fayth of the aeon Bahamut serves as the chosen representative of the fayth as a collective . The fayth aids High Summoner Yuna and her guardians in bringing the spiral of death to an end , which results in their own passing . In Final Fantasy X 2 , the fayth return in their aeon forms , this time having been overcome by the despair and malice of Shuyin , rendering them his unwilling puppets of chaos . Yuna and her allies free both the fayth and Shuyin from the darkness that has consumed them .
In the attack , two men were awarded the Victoria Cross , and nine the Indian Order of Merit , and Blackader was commended by his corps commander , General Willcocks , who wrote that " I had learned to respect him and to trust in his judgement . The manner in which he handled his brigade at Neuve Chapelle was good to see , and his report ... is written as brave and modest men write " . His force had taken heavy losses , however ; the trailing battalion on the flank , the 2 / 39th Garhwal Rifles , lost over half its men and all its officers .
Their return to Pichilemu was described by Diario VI Región newspaper as " historic " , by saying " at Pichilemu , a historical reception was being prepared , as a multitude of people crowded the streets and avenues at the beach resort , waiting for them , in a journey that ended at Colegio Preciosa Sangre in that city . " 2013 US trip In 2013 , Cheer C.P.S. participated in two international tournaments after winning a national tournament in 2012 : All Star USA 2013 and JAMfest Bash Series , both held in Orlando , Florida , United States .
The trachea system has most likely evolved in small ancestors to help resist desiccation . The trachea were originally connected to the surroundings through a pair of openings called spiracles , but in the majority of spiders this pair of spiracles has fused into a single one in the middle , and moved backwards close to the spinnerets . Spiders that have tracheae generally have higher metabolic rates and better water conservation . Spiders are ectotherms , so environmental temperatures affect their activity . Uniquely among chelicerates , the final sections of spiders ' chelicerae are fangs , and the great majority of spiders can use them to inject venom into prey from venom glands in the roots of the chelicerae .
He broadcast 3,338 consecutive games between November 21 , 1965 , and December 16 , 2001 . Hearn came up with West 's " Mr. Clutch " nickname . He was a part of the team 's " inner sanctum " when Cooke was owner , and was consulted on basketball decisions . Paul Sunderland , who had filled in for a couple of games while Hearn recuperated in 2001 – 02 , was named the permanent play by play announcer . Stu Lantz was retained as the color commentator . Sunderland 's contract expired in the summer of 2005 , and the team chose not to renew it .
On June 10 , 2013 , Juicy J announced he would be releasing a four track mixtape prior to the album titled , Wax . All the songs on the mixtape were reported to also have music videos , however that mixtape would not come to fruition , and " Wax " would end up being a track on Stay Trippy . He worked as a supporting act along with the rest of Taylor Gang on Wiz Khalifa 's 2050 Tour during late 2012 and early 2013 . On March 13 , Juicy J released the first of many Trippy Tour vlog episodes .
In 1992 – 93 Albion finished fourth and entered the playoffs for the first time , having just missed out the previous year . Albion 's first appearance at Wembley for over twenty years — and their last ever at the original stadium — saw them beat Port Vale 3 – 0 to return to the second level – now renamed the First Division . Manager Ossie Ardiles then joined Tottenham Hotspur however , and a succession of managers over the next few seasons saw Albion consolidate their Division One status without ever mounting a serious promotion challenge . The appointment of Gary Megson in March 2000 heralded an upturn in the club 's fortunes .
The area constituting Pakistan was historically a part of the British Indian Empire throughout much of the nineteenth century . The East India Company begun their trade in South Asia in the 17th century , and the company rule started from 1757 when they won the Battle of Plassey . Following the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , the Government of India Act 1858 led to the British Crown assuming direct control over much of the Indian subcontinent . All India Muslim League was founded by the All India Muhammadan Educational Conference at Dhaka , in 1906 , in the context of the circumstances that were generated over the division of Bengal in 1905 and the party aimed at creation of a separate Muslim state .
Blood free thyroxine and TSH levels are monitored to help determine whether the dose is adequate . This is done 4 – 8 weeks after the start of treatment or a change in levothyroxine dose . Once the adequate replacement dose has been established , the tests can be repeated after 6 and then 12 months , unless there is a change in symptoms . In people with central / secondary hypothyroidism , TSH is not a reliable marker of hormone replacement and decisions are based mainly on the free T4 level . Levothyroxine is best taken 30 – 60 minutes before breakfast , or four hours after food , as certain substances such as food and calcium can inhibit the absorption of levothyroxine .
In natural populations of P. major , inbreeding is avoided by dispersal of individuals from their birthplace , which reduces the chance of mating with a close relative . The Eurasian sparrowhawk is a predator of great tits , with the young from second broods being at higher risk partly because of the hawk 's greater need for food for its own developing young . The nests of great tits are raided by great spotted woodpeckers , particularly when nesting in certain types of nest boxes . Other nest predators include introduced grey squirrels ( in Britain ) and least weasels , which are able to take nesting adults as well .
At launch , Yorktown joined the Squadron of Evolution of " New Navy " steel hulled ships . Detached from that squadron , Yorktown , under the command of Robley D. Evans , sailed to Valparaíso , Chile , during the 1891 Baltimore Crisis and relieved USS Baltimore at that port . After that situation was resolved , Yorktown took part in the joint British – American sealing patrol in Alaskan waters and duty on the Asiatic Station before returning to the United States in 1898 . Yorktown was out of commission during the Spanish – American War , but took part in actions in the Philippine – American War and the Boxer Rebellion in 1899 and 1900 , respectively , after she had been recommissioned .
Furthermore , to save design time , the turbine installation used in the light cruiser Champion , the navy 's first cruiser with geared turbines , was simply doubled . The Parsons turbines were arranged in two engine rooms and each of the turbines drove one of the four propeller shafts . Furious 's propellers were 11 feet 6 inches ( 3.5 m ) in diameter . The turbines were powered by eighteen Yarrow boilers equally divided among three boiler rooms . They were designed to produce a total of 90,000 shaft horsepower ( 67,113 kW ) at a working pressure of 235 psi ( 1,620 kPa ; 17 kgf / cm2 ) , but achieved slightly more than that during Glorious 's trials , although she did not reach her designed speed of 32 knots ( 59 km / h ; 37 mph ) .
Forget villain . Just what it would feel like . And this concept of letting out who she is [ , ] that she 's kept to herself for so long [ , ] and she 's alone and free , but then the sadness of the fact [ sic ] that the last moment is she 's alone . It ’ s not a perfect thing , but it 's powerful . " Del Vecho explained that " Let It Go " changed Elsa into a person " ruled by fear and Anna was ruled by her own love of other people and her own drive , " which in turn caused Lee to " rewrite the first act and then that rippled through the entire movie .
He arrived in the Crimea in early March , and one of his duties was to take over the operation of the railway from the contractors . It was finally handed over by Peto , Brassey and Betts in early July . The existence of the railway meant that sufficient supplies and armaments had been transported to the plateau for the allies to resume their attack . The Second Bombardment started on April 9 and continued for ten days . Initially , little progress seemed to have been made because again the Russians were able to repair the damage caused , and the Russians continued to deliver supplies to Sevastopol from the north .
She was laid down in May 1902 , launched in May 1904 , and commissioned into the Atlantic Fleet in February 1906 . The ship was armed with an offensive battery of four 12 inch ( 300 mm ) guns and eight 8 inch ( 200 mm ) guns , and she was capable of a top speed of 19 knots ( 35 km / h ; 22 mph ) . The ship 's career primarily consisted of training with the other battleships of the Atlantic Fleet . Rhode Island took part in the cruise of the Great White Fleet in 1907 – 09 , and thereafter largely remained in the Atlantic .
Storylines between the characters were produced on WWE 's weekly television shows Raw and SmackDown with the Raw and SmackDown brands — storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees to different programs . The main event matches for the Elimination Chamber event consisted of two Elimination Chamber matches , with Raw 's WWE Championship defended in one and SmackDown 's World Heavyweight Championship defended in the other . Qualifying matches were held on the February 1 episode of Raw to determine the five challengers who would face the WWE Champion Sheamus in Raw 's Elimination Chamber match . In qualifiers , John Cena defeated Cody Rhodes , Triple H defeated Jack Swagger , Randy Orton defeated Shawn Michaels , Ted DiBiase defeated Mark Henry , and Kofi Kingston defeated The Big Show by disqualification .
Al Bakri served as a representative of Damascus in the Syrian Parliament between 1932 and 1946 . He was one of the main coordinators of the 1936 general strike and became Vice President of the National Bloc . He defected to join Abd al Rahman Shahbandar 's party in 1938 . During the post independence period , al Bakri was appointed Syria 's ambassador to Jordan but resigned in 1953 in protest against Adib al Shishakli 's seizure of power . The following year , he became President of the People 's Party , but retired in 1957 . Nasib was born in Damascus in 1888 to father ' Ata al Bakri .
The motif is also conveyed in the scene in which Bowden forces Dussander to put on a Schutzstaffel uniform and to march to Bowden 's commands . Dussander continues marching despite Bowden 's insistences to stop , emulating the premise of the poem The Sorcerer 's Apprentice in which the untrained apprentice uses magic to enchant brooms and lacks the skill to stop them . The scene is " the figurative and literal turning point in the film " . Sadomasochism , homoeroticism , and homophobia are highlighted in Bryan Singer 's retelling of Stephen King 's novella . The face of evil is represented in the film as Nazism , oft labeled as " quintessentially innate [ and ] supernaturally crafty " , but also " in a more subterranean way , dangerously blurring ... the boundaries between homoeroticism and homosexuality " .
The paradox can be solved by mass transfer : when the more massive star became a subgiant , it filled its Roche lobe , and most of the mass was transferred to the other star , which is still in the main sequence . In some binaries similar to Algol , a gas flow can be seen . This system also exhibits variable activities in the forms of x ray and radio wave flares . The former is thought to be caused by the magnetic fields of the A and B components interacting with the mass transfer . The radio wave emissions might be created by magnetic cycles similar to those of sunspots , but because the magnetic fields of these stars are up to ten times stronger than the field of the Sun , these radio flares are more powerful and more persistent .
From the early 1840s to 1851 Staunton could successfully give odds to almost any UK based player , including eventually John Cochrane ; the exceptions were Henry Thomas Buckle , to whom Staunton gave pawn and move in 1843 and lost their match ( six losses , no draws , one win ) , and Elijah Williams in 1851 , against whom Staunton won more games but lost the match because he had given Williams a three game start . According to match records collected by Jeremy P. Spinrad , the only players who were successful against Staunton without receiving odds from 1840 to 1852 were : Saint Amant , who won their first match in London in 1843 and lost their second , longer match in Paris the same year ; Adolf Anderssen , who eliminated Staunton from the 1851 London International tournament ; and Elijah Williams , who beat Staunton in the play off for third place in the same tournament .
However , the authenticity of the accounts of his life , ministry , and death are widely disputed and there are no historical records of his death nor existence . Together with his alleged murderer Lalli , Henry remains one of the most recognized people from the early history of Finland . His feast is celebrated by the majority Lutheran Church of Finland , as well as by the Roman Catholic Church of Finland . He is commemorated in the liturgical calendars of several Protestant and Anglican churches . The legend of Bishop Henry 's life , or his Vita , was written at the end of the 13th century .
Found by Eric Lawes , a metal detectorist in the village of Hoxne in Suffolk , England , on 16 November 1992 , the hoard consists of 14,865 Roman gold , silver and bronze coins from the late fourth and early fifth centuries , and approximately 200 items of silver tableware and gold jewellery . The objects are now in the British Museum in London , where the most important pieces and a selection of the rest are on permanent display . In 1993 , the Treasure Valuation Committee valued the hoard at £ 1.75 million ( today £ 3.21 million ) .
Despite this cloud tops associated with Connie began to warm , even though the eye remained well defined . Thus , the JTWC lowered the intensity of Connie to 190 km / h ( 120 mph ) , based on a blend of satellite intensity estimates . Early on January 28 , Connie made its closest approach to St. Brandon and initially appeared to be approaching Mauritius . However , many computer models correctly predicted Connie to turn southwest and threaten Reunion . Throughout the day , Connie maintained its intensity , but by the evening on January 28 , thunderstorm activity diminished and the cloud structure became less organized , though the storm maintained a small eye .
For example , Gaozu 's Chancellor Xiao He ( d . 193 BC ) integrated much of the statutes of the Qin law code into the newly compiled Han law code . Yet Gaozu 's establishment of central control over only a third of the empire — the other two thirds of territory was controlled by semi autonomous kingdoms — strayed from Qin 's imperial model which gave the emperor direct control over all of China . However , a series of reforms eventually stripped away any vestiges of the kingdoms ' independence . Han emperors thereafter enjoyed full and direct control over China , as had the first Qin emperor .
Irfan Shahîd believes that this generous treatment , as well as the fact that he was not brought to trial for his supposed treason , indicate that Tiberius too did not believe the charges , but ordered the arrest chiefly to placate the strong anti Monophysite faction in the imperial capital . In the meantime , Mundhir 's arrest provoked a revolt led by his four sons , especially the eldest , Nu 'man , a man described by John of Ephesus as even more capable and warlike than his father . For two years , the Ghassanid army launched raids into the Byzantine provinces from their bases in the desert , even defeating and killing the Byzantine dux of Arabia in a battle at Bostra .
This has led some scholars , chiefly Alexander Vasiliev and George Ostrogorsky , to regard Thomas 's revolt as an expression of widespread discontent among the rural population , which suffered under heavy taxation . Other Byzantinists , notably Lemerle , dismiss rural discontent as a primary factor during the revolt . Genesios and other chroniclers further state that Thomas won the support of " Hagarenes , Indians , Egyptians , Assyrians , Medians , Abasgians , Zichs , Iberians , Kabirs , Slavs , Huns , Vandals , Getae , the sectarians of Manes , Laz , Alanians , Chaldians , Armenians and every kind of other peoples " .
Two thirds of Virginia Tech 's 300 total offensive yardage came via passes from quarterbacks Sean Glennon ( 174 yards ) and Tyrod Taylor ( 28 yards ) . Glennon 's three passing touchdowns tied an ACC Championship Game record set by former Virginia Tech quarterback Marcus Vick in 2005 . Glennon also set the ACC Championship Game record for pass completion percentage ( 66.7 % ) by completing 18 of his 27 passes . Taylor , meanwhile , set ACC Championship Game records for longest run and longest quarterback run with a 31 yard scramble in the second quarter that helped set up the tying touchdown for Virginia Tech .
This limit based attitude towards 0.999 … is often put in more evocative but less precise terms . For example , the 1846 textbook The University Arithmetic explains , " .999 + , continued to infinity = 1 , because every annexation of a 9 brings the value closer to 1 " ; the 1895 Arithmetic for Schools says , " … when a large number of 9s is taken , the difference between 1 and .99999 … becomes inconceivably small " . Such heuristics are often interpreted by students as implying that 0.999 … itself is less than 1 .
Psoriasis in those with HIV / AIDS is often severe and may be untreatable with conventional therapy . Psoriasis has been described as occurring after strep throat , and may be worsened by skin or gut colonization with Staphylococcus aureus , Malassezia , and Candida albicans . Drug induced psoriasis may occur with beta blockers , lithium , antimalarial medications , non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs , terbinafine , calcium channel blockers , captopril , glyburide , granulocyte colony stimulating factor , interleukins , interferons , lipid lowering drugs , and paradoxically TNF inhibitors such as infliximab or adalimumab . Withdrawal of corticosteroids ( topical steroid cream ) can aggravate psoriasis due to the rebound effect .
Large numbers of women were employed temporarily . Trade unions gave strong support to the war effort , cutting back on strikes and restrictive practices . Membership doubled from 4.1 million in 1914 , 28.3 million in 1920 . 65 percent of union members had been associated with the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) In 1914 , rising to 77 percent in 1920 . Labour 's prestige had never been higher , and it systematically placed its leaders into Parliament . The Munitions of War Act 1915 followed the Shell Crisis of 1915 when supplies of material to the front became a political issue .
Different weapon types have different ranges , such as a bow and arrow having a longer range than melee weapons such as a mace . Like several Square titles , the New Game Plus option is made available to the player upon first completing the game . In Vagrant Story , selecting " New Game + " enables the player to replay the story using their end game weapons , items , and statistics instead of the defaults . This option allows players to access a hidden level , which features more intimidating enemies and more powerful equipment . The story does not change , and original enemy statistics will remain at default .
However , these reforms have been hampered by both a lack of funding and an adverse political climate that makes the performance of new plays difficult . In addition to more formal reform measures , Peking opera troupes during the 1980s also adopted more unofficial changes . Some of those seen in traditional works have been called " technique for technique 's sake " . This has included the use of extended high pitch sequences by female Dan , and the addition of lengthier movement sections and percussion sequences to traditional works . Such changes have generally met with disdain from Peking opera performers , who see them as ploys to gain immediate audience appeal .
After the 1973 oil crisis , the Brazilian government made mandatory the use of ethanol blends with gasoline , and neat ethanol powered cars ( E100 only ) were launched to the market in 1979 , after testing with several prototypes developed by four carmakers . Brazilian carmakers modified gasoline engines to support ethanol characteristics and changes included compression ratio , amount of fuel injected , replacement of materials that would get corroded by the contact with ethanol , use of colder spark plugs suitable for dissipating heat due to higher flame temperatures , and an auxiliary cold start system that injects gasoline from a small tank in the engine compartment to help starting when cold .
In this work , Dembski lists a god or an " alien life force " as two possible options for the identity of the designer ; however , in his book Intelligent Design : The Bridge Between Science and Theology ( 1999 ) , Dembski states : Christ is indispensable to any scientific theory , even if its practitioners don 't have a clue about him . The pragmatics of a scientific theory can , to be sure , be pursued without recourse to Christ . But the conceptual soundness of the theory can in the end only be located in Christ .
The English common name is for the insect 's emergence in or around the month of May in the UK . The name shadfly is from the Atlantic fish the shad , which runs up American East Coast rivers at the same time as many mayflies emerge . From the Permian , numerous stem group representatives of mayflies are known , which are often lumped into a separate taxon Permoplectoptera ( e.g. including Protereisma permianum in the Protereismatidae , and Misthodotidae ) . The larvae of Permoplectoptera still had 9 pairs of abdominal gills , and the adults still had long hind wings .
However , on 6 July 2012 , he was cleared to participate . In 2008 , Tony Parker co directed with Jean Marie Antonini a 1 hour film , 9 - Un chiffre , un homme ( meaning 9 , a number , a man ) . The biographical documentary film narrated by Benoît Allemane was produced by Parker . Celebrities featured included basketball players Kobe Bryant , Tim Duncan , Sean Elliott , Magic Johnson , Michael Jordan , Steve Nash , and David Robinson , as well as footballers Thierry Henry and Zinédine Zidane , judo player David Douillet , and musician and DJ Cut Killer , as well as Parker and Eva Longoria .
The Sunbeam Tiger was a development of the Sunbeam Alpine series I , introduced by the British manufacturer Rootes in 1959 . Rootes realised that the Alpine needed more power if it was to compete successfully in world markets , but lacked a suitable engine and the resources to develop one . The company therefore approached Ferrari to redesign the standard inline four cylinder engine , recognising the sales cachet that " powered by Ferrari " would be likely to bring . Negotiations initially seemed to go well , but ultimately broke down . In 1962 racing driver and Formula 1 champion Jack Brabham proposed to Rootes competition manager Norman Garrad the idea of fitting the Alpine with a Ford V8 engine , which Garrad relayed to his son Ian , then the West Coast Sales Manager of Rootes American Motors Inc .
Litters typically include two or three infants , although up to five have been reported . Birth weights in captivity average between 83 to 101.7 g ( 2.93 to 3.59 oz ) and range from 70 to 140 grams ( 2.5 to 4.9 oz ) . Ruffed lemur infants are altricial , and are born with their eyes open and a full coat of fur . Ruffed lemurs are the only known primates to build arboreal nests , used exclusively for birth and for the first week or two of life . Starting three weeks prior to birth , females begin constructing the nest from twigs , branches , leaves , and vines , locating it within her core area and 10 to 25 metres ( 33 to 82 ft ) above ground .
Using the latter move , she is found in a black and white chequered background room where she moves around a larger than life playing card . The video ends with Rihanna running away from the camera and jumping into a chair , throwing her legs over the side with a smile on her face . A reviewer for Idolator described the video as " glorious . " Amy Sciarretto for PopCrush wrote " Judging from the song 's official video , it is , since RiRi can ’ t keep her hands to herself . The black and white video features the newly blond singer cavorting in an array of black and white outfits , dancing , smiling , giggling and grabbing her crotch with a great degree of regularity .
She is the youngest of seven siblings ( with two sisters and four brothers ) born to Pete and Judy Wambach . She began playing soccer at the age of four after her sister decided she wanted to try the sport . Their mother checked out a book from the library explaining how to play the game , and from then on soccer became part of their family tradition . " I think I was bred to do what I do now " , Wambach said in an interview . " Growing up as the youngest of seven was like being in a team environment , you learn all kinds of things ... I learned how to compete , my brothers and sisters always played with me on the same level and they never let me win until I was better than them and deserved it .
The ship carried a secondary battery of eight 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) SK C / 28 guns in single turrets grouped amidships . Her anti aircraft battery originally consisted of three 8.8 cm ( 3.5 in ) L / 45 guns , though in 1935 these were replaced with six 8.8 cm L / 78 guns . In 1938 , the 8.8 cm guns were removed , and six 10.5 cm ( 4.1 in ) L / 65 guns , four 3.7 cm ( 1.5 in ) guns , and ten 2 cm ( 0.79 in ) guns were installed in their place .
" Praise You In This Storm " won the award for Pop / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards ; it was also nominated for Song of the Year at that same event . At the 39th GMA Dove Awards , " Praise You In This Storm " was nominated for Worship Song of the Year . " Praise You In This Storm " was included as the second track on Casting Crowns ' album Lifesong , which was released on August 30 , 2005 . It was later released as a single to Christian AC , Christian CHR , and Soft AC / Inspirational radio on January 28 , 2006 .
There is no requirement of subsidiarity : in this respect " necessary self defense " differs from " utmost necessity " . The main limitation is that the defense may not be manifestly disproportionate to the manner of the attack . The manner of the attack is not the same as its intensity , which is only a part of it . For example , " intensity " covers whether the attack is committed by a single attacker or a group , with or without a gun , and the relative strength of the attacker and the party attacked , etc .
In its design , the XR 1 bore a strong resemblance to the Focke Wulf Fw 61 , a helicopter developed by Henrich Focke in Germany that , flown by Hanna Reitsch , had impressed Platt LePage co founder Wynn LePage during a tour of Europe . The XR 1 was powered by a Pratt & Whitney R 985 radial engine , mounted in a buried installation within the fuselage . The aircraft had two , three bladed rotors , mounted in a side by side arrangement on wing like pylons . The pylons were aerodynamically designed to produce some lift when in forwards flight , slightly unloading the rotors .
They don 't merely go to a concert to perform and get it over with , they aim to grow their cult and seek recognition – and they do this by putting on a badass concert . " He also commented , " Most impressive were the phenomenal lighting effects , able to present the stage as everything from a strobe lit nightmare to a peaceful realm of lucidity for the light guitar solos . " Karah Leigh from the Houstonist gave a positive review of concert at the Verizon Wireless Theater and wrote that the band " completely blew us away , " saying that they " did an amazing job .
His health and spirits rallied in the years after Buck 's death : he completed a travel book , Tahiti , Isle of Dreams , and a book tour of the United States and Europe . On returning to Tahiti he struck up a relationship with a mixed race islander named Ina , and made many new friends including the writers Alec Waugh ( elder brother of Evelyn ) , who had been inspired to visit Tahiti by Numerous Treasure , Zane Grey , and James Norman Hall . Waugh described the Keable of this period " reclined among cushions , clad only in a pareo , while his Tahitian princess , bare shouldered and bare footed , her black hair falling to her waist and a white flower behind her ear , glided negligently about the house " – and yet noted that , on suggesting a cup of tea , Keable 's voice still took on " the parsonical intonation with which fifteen years earlier he had summoned the parish children to a Sunday school treat .
Whilst at Spratt 's , Cruft gradually rose to the role of general manager , after being head of their Show Department for several years . At the age of 26 , some twelve years after leaving the jewellery business , Cruft was made office manager . The Spratt 's dog biscuits became the forerunner of the modern dry dog food , and under Cruft 's work the company went from a single small shop to the British leader in these types of products . In 1878 , whilst still working for Spratt 's , Cruft travelled across Europe to expand the biscuit business .
Under Section 4 , the activity will be considered to be " improperly " performed when the expectation of good faith or impartiality has been breached , or when the function has been performed in a way not expected of a person in a position of trust . Section 5 provides that the standard in deciding what would be expected is what a reasonable person in the UK might expect of a person in such a position . Where the breach has occurred in a jurisdiction outside the UK , local practises or customs should be disregarded when deciding this , unless they form part of the " written law " of the jurisdiction ; " written law " is given to mean any constitution , statute or judicial opinion set down in writing .
The first recorded Cavalier living in the United States was brought from the United Kingdom in 1956 by W. Lyon Brown , together with Elizabeth Spalding and other enthusiasts , she founded the Cavalier King Charles Club USA which continues to the present day . In 1994 , the American Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Club was created by a group of breeders to apply for recognition by the American Kennel Club . The Cavalier would go on to be recognised by the American Kennel Club in 1995 , and the ACKCSC became the parent club for Cavaliers . Historically the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel was a lap dog and is small for a spaniel , with fully grown adults comparable in size to adolescents of other larger spaniel breeds .
At any time , the player may request reinforcements from either one of the two aircraft carriers , HMS Hermes or HMS Invincible . The main objective of the game is to either defeat all occupying Argentine forces in the archipelago , or to capture and hold all ten settlements of the Falklands simultaneously . Depending on the difficulty setting , the game lasts 25 or 30 turns ; if every settlement has not been occupied or any Argentine forces remain by the end of the last turn , the game will end . The capital of the Falklands , Stanley , has the highest concentration of Argentine forces and is usually the last settlement to be captured .
In the orders that branched off before the lilioid monocots , the Acorales and Alismatales , flowers differ in several ways . In some cases , like Acorus ( Acorales ) , they have become insignificant . In others , like Butomus ( Alismatales ) , they have six coloured tepals , and so could be called ' petaloid ' , but stamens and carpels are more numerous than in the lilioid monocots . The later evolved commelinids have various kinds of flower , few of which are ' lily like ' . In the order Poales , comprising grasses , rushes and sedges , flowers are either petal less or have small , unshowy petals .
R.C. MacLeod stated his belief that the flag would only have been waved twice , and so rejected the tradition of it being unfurled at the Battle of Bloody Bay — because the MacLeods were on the losing side ! R.C. MacLeod also wondered if it had been waved in 1600 , when the clan was in a desperate state in the midst of warring with the Macdonalds of Sleat . In 1938 , a fire broke out in a wing of Dunvegan Castle , and according to Sir Iain Moncreiffe of that Ilk , the flames were checked and extinguished when the flag was carried past to safety .
A lakeside community on the eastern shore of Lake George in the Adirondack Mountains , Huletts Landing is located entirely within the Adirondack Park . There is only one roadway access to the hamlet , County Route 6 and its suffixed routes , which head north south . Huletts Landing is geographically located at 43 ° 38 ′ 21 ″ N 73 ° 30 ′ 25 ″ W and has approximately two centuries of written history . The hamlet derives its name from the Hulett family , which resided in the area for several generations after Revolutionary War soldier David Hulett moved near the lakeside and began farming .
Kyousuke , who sneaked onto the bus ( as a third year he was not allowed to go ) , managed to block the leak hole on the gas tank to delay the explosion , despite his injuries being far greater than anyone else . Everyone in the bus recovers from their injuries , although Kyousuke 's recovery takes longer due to extensive injuries . Finally , after Kyousuke returns , he rents a minibus , and the members of the Little Busters set out for a trip to the ocean . For the first time in Key 's history , two artists were given the position of art director for the visual novel : Itaru Hinoue and Na Ga .
Gilmour said : " The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here were so successful not just because of Roger 's contributions , but also because there was a better balance between the music and the lyrics [ than on later albums . ] " He added that with A Momentary Lapse , he had tried to restore this earlier , more successful balance . Waters was scathing in his assessment of the new work , a view with which Wright later partly agreed , saying : " Roger 's criticisms are fair . It 's not a band album at all .
He also approved the formation of the Kentucky State Agricultural Society in 1856 . The state geological survey begun under Governor Lazarus W. Powell was completed and published . Internal improvements progressed as well ; railroad mileage in the state increased from 242 miles to 568 miles during Morehead 's term . Kentucky 's school system was expanding rapidly , creating a shortage of qualified teachers in the state ; Morehead responded to this need by proposing a bill for state supported teacher education program at Transylvania University . The state 's superintendent , John D. Matthews , lobbied for the bill , claiming that a failure to educate teachers in Kentucky would result in Northern teachers infiltrating the state and corrupting children 's minds .
He sums up the various influences and versions : As it evolved from ragtime through jazz , boogie woogie , big band swing , small combo rhythm and blues , rockabilly , blues rock , acid rock , heavy metal , punk , thrash , psychobilly , and points beyond , ' Train Kept A Rollin ' ' became increasingly wild and dissonant , as if each performer were trying to surpass the intensity of the previous one . Through all the transformations , the essence of Bradshaw 's original survives — a semblance of the melody , a smattering of the lyrics , and the immortal refrain ' The train kept a rollin ' all night long ' , a cogent sexual metaphor for power and endurance .
She said later : " I prayed all night long for my master till the first of March ; and all the time he was bringing people to look at me , and trying to sell me . " When it appeared as though a sale was being concluded , " I changed my prayer , " she said . " First of March I began to pray , ' Oh Lord , if you ain 't never going to change that man 's heart , kill him , Lord , and take him out of the way . ' " A week later , Brodess died , and Tubman expressed regret for her earlier sentiments .
Upon completing or failing an objective , the player earns points and receives comments from the instructors . Points are awarded based on criteria such as the time taken to complete the event , the accuracy of the landing , and the completion of certain tasks , such as flying through colored rings or orbs . To pass a training area , the combined scores from each event must exceed a certain threshold . Each training area can be replayed if necessary , and passwords allow players to save their progress . The first event , the light plane , requires the player to follow a guide path of orbs , or to fly through rings of orbs , and then land on the runway .
Using strikes and other protest actions , Solidarity sought to force a change in government policies . In some cases , as in Bielsko Biała , Solidarity managed to force corrupt officials of the government to lose their jobs . At the same time , it was careful never to use force or violence , so as to avoid giving the government any excuse to bring security forces into play . After 27 Bydgoszcz Solidarity members , including Jan Rulewski , were beaten up on March 19 , a four hour warning strike on March 27 , involving around twelve million people , paralyzed the country .
Winterson intended the screenplay to be reminiscent of a fairytale , and was unhappy at being asked to write a new ending for its American release . The film was shown at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and broadcast on British television in 1995 . Although originally intended for theatrical release , it failed to find a theatrical distributor , and was released straight to video in the United States in 1997 under the title Shades of Fear . The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics , and while the lesbian sub plot in particular was generally well received , Winterson 's scripting was a focal point of criticism .
This is one of the main reasons for the generally poor survival rates . Exceptions to this are the functioning PanNETs , where over production of various active hormones can give rise to symptoms ( which depend on the type of hormone ) . Bearing in mind that the disease is rarely diagnosed before the age of 40 , common symptoms of pancreatic adenocarcinoma occurring before diagnosis include : Pain in the upper abdomen or back , often spreading from around the stomach to the back . The location of the pain can indicate the part of the pancreas where a tumor is located .
Instead Tilbury became a strategic depot , forming a logistical hub for storing and moving troops and materiel throughout the First World War . The fort had only a limited role in the Second World War and was demobilised in 1950 . Tilbury Fort is now operated by the heritage agency English Heritage as a tourist attraction , receiving 16,154 visitors in 2014 . Many of the more modern military features were demolished during the 1950s , with further restoration work taking place during the 1970s ahead of the site opening to the public in 1983 . The 17th century defences are considered by the historian Paul Pattison to be the " best surviving example of their kind in Britain " , and the fort includes the only surviving early 18th century gunpowder magazines in Britain .
It begins with a conversation with one of her friends , who asks Jackson the title question . Lyrically , it involves the singer asking why her lover was not as attentive as he once was . He was not treating her as well as he used to , and she calls him a " loser " in response . " I never ask for more than I deserve , you know it 's the truth . You seem to think you 're God 's gift to this earth . I 'm telling you no way " , Jackson sings .
Nevertheless , Hellenization occurred throughout the region , accompanied by a distinct and opposite ' Orientalization ' of the successor states . The core of the Hellenistic culture promulgated by the conquests was essentially Athenian . The close association of men from across Greece in Alexander 's army directly led to the emergence of the largely Attic based " koine " , or " common " Greek dialect . Koine spread throughout the Hellenistic world , becoming the lingua franca of Hellenistic lands and eventually the ancestor of modern Greek . Furthermore , town planning , education , local government , and art current in the Hellenistic period were all based on Classical Greek ideals , evolving into distinct new forms commonly grouped as Hellenistic .
" Nonetheless , the film was a box office disappointment . Hawke also appeared in the 1994 film Quiz Show . Although he was originally considered for the lead role of Charles Van Doren , he took on a supporting role and had his screen time cut considerably during production . The following year Hawke again received critical acclaim , this time for his performance in Richard Linklater 's 1995 drama Before Sunrise . The film follows a young American ( Hawke ) and a young French woman ( Julie Delpy ) , who meet on a train and disembark in Vienna , spending the night exploring the city and getting to know one another .
, thus creating the MGM Mirage company , and plans for Le Jardin were canceled . Despite the fact that Le Jardin was canceled and MGM Mirage 's new casino , Borgata , was not scheduled to open until 2003 , Trump still fought against the project 's plans to build the exit directly to the new casino . Eventually , in January 2000 , Trump dropped his case after an exit ramp leading to the Trump Marina was added to the project . Very little land and property was displaced by the project . Following the construction , the land formerly housing nine residential properties displaced during construction were leveled and turned into a park .
Zoe Williams reviewed the restaurant for The Daily Telegraph in 2010 , after Burbidge became head chef . She found issues with some of the dishes , such as a mackerel which wasn 't properly filleted , and some overcooked samphire . However she thought that the dessert was perfect , stating that " It was enough to make you wonder why anybody ever makes custard without fennel " . Fay Maschler visited the new establishment in April 2010 for the Evening Standard , who disagreed with the idea that it was a reopening and said that it instead should be considered to be a new Ramsay restaurant .
The Nuremberg trials were important historically , but the events were still very recent , television was in its infancy and not present , and there was little public impact . There were isolated moments of limited public awareness from Hollywood films such as The Diary of Anne Frank ( 1959 ) or the 1961 Judgment at Nuremberg which had some newsreel footage of actual scenes from liberated Nazi concentration camps including scenes of piles of naked corpses laid out in rows and bulldozed into large pits , which was considered exceptionally graphic for the time . Public awareness changed when the Eichmann trial riveted the world 's attention fifteen years later .
" To find suitable back up dancers , ads were placed in Los Angeles newspapers for " Very Fat Dancers " . One of the men used in the video was actually a pizza delivery man who had delivered food to the casting offices . Due to the music video , " Fat " became one of Yankovic 's biggest hits . Although only managing to peak at number 99 on the Billboard Hot 100 , the song 's music video got extensive play on MTV , which helped the album attain platinum status . In addition , " Fat " was later nominated and won a Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video at the 1989 Grammy Awards , at the time , Yankovic 's second Grammy Award .
None of these actions have been taken , as the bridge leaves were raised in 1994 , and have remained raised ever since . Consideration was given in 2007 to preserving two of the hydraulic rams which operated the bridge , during planning to demolish the structure . The Hull Hydraulic Power Company was set up in 1872 , and by 1876 was operating a pumping station on Machell Street . This supplied water to a high pressure main which ran from Wellington Street to Sculcoates Bridge , and was used by local industries to power machinery , including the bridge when it was constructed .
Speight also worked on This Morning , The Heaven and Earth Show , The Big Breakfast and was a contestant in ITV 's Celebrity Wrestling . Speight also played the king on children 's programme See It Saw It , where he met Natasha Collins . Collins was seriously injured after being hit by a car in 2001 , and had to leave See It Saw It . Speight began dating her in 2003 , and they became engaged in Barbados in 2005 . They planned to get married in fancy dress and Speight joked that the wedding might feature monkeys , his favourite animal .
Sabo denied having made any such comment . On March 27 , 2008 , the three judge panel issued a majority 2 – 1 opinion upholding Yohn 's 2001 opinion but rejecting the bias and Batson claims , with Judge Ambro dissenting on the Batson issue . On July 22 , 2008 , Abu Jamal 's formal petition seeking reconsideration of the decision by the full Third Circuit panel of 12 judges was denied . On April 6 , 2009 , the United States Supreme Court also refused to hear Abu Jamal 's appeal , allowing his conviction to stand .
Sivaji was awarded a " U " ( Universal ) rating by the Central Board of Film Certification , only cutting three scenes – a suggestive dialogue by Vivek and two scenes of close up views of Shriya Saran 's navel and cleavage . The trailer was released by CNN IBN on 30 May 2007 lasting for three minutes . The official trailer was released by AVM to Galatta.com , the official online sponsor and Ayngaran International . The film was supposed to be released on the Tamil New Year 's day , 14 April 2007 , but due to post production delays , the film was released worldwide on 15 June 2007 .
In 651 , in the aftermath of an attack by Penda on Cnobheresburg , Anna was forced to flee into exile , perhaps to the western kingdom of the Magonsæte . He returned to East Anglia in about 653 , but soon afterwards the kingdom was attacked again by Penda and at the Battle of Bulcamp the East Anglian army , led by Anna , was defeated by the Mercians , and Anna and his son Jurmin were both killed . Anna was succeeded by his brother , Æthelhere . Botolph 's monastery at Iken may have been built in commemoration of the king .
The Portland Mercury 's Katie Shimer called the bar " one million percent fun " and said , " Whatever your fetish , the strippers deliver ... Make sure you stuff your pockets with singles , ' cause you 'll be spending at least a good hour at the rack . " Similarly , the Seattle alternative weekly The Stranger said the venue was " perhaps the funnest place in all the world ... especially when the fellers trot on stage in a vast array of hilarious costumes " . The paper 's Wm . Steven Humphrey wrote , " These nudie cuties were born to entertain , and prove it by leaping from stage to tabletop , hanging naked upside down ( by the tops of their FEET !
He was the last member of the United Farmers of Alberta ( UFA ) to hold the office , and that party 's defeat at the hands of the upstart Social Credit League in the 1935 election made him the shortest serving premier to that point in Alberta 's history . Born near Glasgow , Reid worked a number of jobs as a young adult — including wholesaler , army medic ( during the Second Boer War ) , farmhand , lumberjack , and dentist — and immigrated to Canada in 1903 . He involved himself in local politics and joined the recently formed UFA , which nominated him to run in the 1921 provincial election as its candidate in Vermilion .
On 11 July , Bolt led another flight of four fighters in a reconnaissance mission above Sinuiju , his 37th combat mission of the deployment . Two of the aircraft departed after their fuel tanks were depleted , leaving him with one wingman to continue the patrol . Soon after , the two pilots spotted a formation of four MiGs taking off from Antung airfield on the Chinese side of the Yalu River . Despite being low on fuel , Bolt ordered an attack . He made a head on dive toward the formation , which was attempting to gain altitude , and downed the leading airplane with four machine gun bursts .
US 13 intersects many major roads including the southern terminus of US 113 in Pocomoke City , Maryland Route 413 ( MD 413 ) in Westover , and MD 12 and US 50 where the route is on the Salisbury Bypass . The route shares a concurrency with US 50 along a portion of the Salisbury Bypass . US 13 was designated through Maryland when the U.S. Highway System was established in 1926 , running along existing roads . It formed a part of the Ocean Highway , a road that connected the New York City area to Florida , and still carries that name for much of its route in Maryland .
The judges would be six Masters , who would sit in groups of three and be appointed by Parliament , assisted by a Chief Clerk . All Justices of the Peace would be allowed to submit cases to the court , with cases to be heard within 60 days . The party that lost the case was to pay full fees to the other side ; the fees would be set ludicrously low . This bill was never put into effect , as Parliament was dissolved . Oliver Cromwell did appoint a Commission to institute similar provisions in 1654 , but the Commission refused to perform its duties .
Both films deal with adult themes : Watership Down the negotiation of leadership to organize an exodus away from persecution , and The Plague Dogs on animal testing . The Wall , an adaptation of Pink Floyd 's concept album of the same name , featured 15 minutes of painstaking traditional animation in addition to numerous live action sequences ; although the film was not by any stretch pornographic , it was an adult film ( with numerous references to drugs , mental illness and sex , along with one animated sequence portraying a character talking out of his rectum and having a scrotum for a beard ) and received an R rating when imported to the United States .
George Lullfitz , a Western Australian nurseryman , recommends growing it as a rambling ground cover in front of other shrubs , or in a rockery . The following cultivars exist : A. " Coral Drift " is a compact form in cultivation since at least the 1990s . It is 50 – 70 cm ( 19.7 – 27.6 in ) tall and 1 – 1.5 m ( 3.3 – 4.9 ft ) wide . The grey foliage has pinkish purple new growth . A. " Coral Carpet " is a prostrate form which peaks at around 20 cm ( 7.9 in ) high and spreads to 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) across .
Under the management of Graham Taylor , Gibbs eventually established himself as a first team player at Watford , making 100 Football League appearances before the club 's relegation from the First Division in 1988 . Gibbs remained a key player for the team in the Second Division , and was voted Watford F.C. Player of the Season in 1992 . Manager Glenn Roeder appointed Gibbs as club captain for the 1992 – 93 season , but a series of serious injuries restricted him to 33 appearances over the following four seasons . When his contract expired in 1996 , Gibbs considered retirement , but he went on to earn a new contract and make the most appearances of any Watford player in 1996 – 97 .
The Pakistani military had prepared for the operation long before , and the government prepared for a three front operation : isolating targeted militant groups , obtaining support from the political parties and saving civilians from the backlash of the operation . Defence Minister Khawaja Asif said that the nation stood by its military : " The decision was taken after the strategy of dialogue failed . The operation will continue until it reaches its logical conclusion . Any group that challenges Pakistan 's constitution , attacks civilians , soldiers , and government installations and uses Pakistani territory to plan terrorist attacks will be targeted " .
To counter the criticism , he pledged one half of his £ 10,000 fee to the Manchester United Supporters ' Trust and the other half to UNICEF . Nesbitt is co owner of National Hunt racehorse ' Riverside Theatre ' , named after the theatre of the University of Ulster in Coleraine , which won the Ryanair Chase at the 2012 Cheltenham Festival . In March 2010 , Nesbitt accepted the ceremonial position of Chancellor of the University of Ulster , succeeding former Lord Mayor of London Sir Richard Nichols . Gerry Mallon , the chair of the university ruling council , expected Nesbitt to " bring considerable energy , dynamism and commitment " to the post .
Bennington 's secondary battery consisted of four 6 pounder ( 57 mm ( 2.24 in ) ) guns , and four 1 pounder ( 37 mm ( 1.46 in ) ) guns . Both were based on designs of the French arms company Hotchkiss . According to a 1902 Bureau of Ordnance publication , an armor piercing round fired from a 6 pounder gun could penetrate 2 inches ( 51 mm ) of armor at a distance of 1,000 yards ( 910 m ) . USS Bennington ( Gunboat No. 4 ) was commissioned at the New York Navy Yard on 20 June 1891 under the command of Commander Royal B. Bradford .
He went on to score two further goals during the latter stages of the season ; once in a 2 – 2 draw away at Sheffield United , and the other in a 3 – 0 win over Bury , on the last day of the regular season as Stevenage secured a play off place following their sixth place finish . He played in both play off semi final legs , which Stevenage lost 1 – 0 on aggregate to Sheffield United . He made 40 appearances during the season , scoring five times . Despite appearing regularly under new manager Gary Smith , Byrom rejected the offer of a contract extension , and left Stevenage in May 2012 .
Antisemitic content and material about a charismatic leader may have been added by Goebbels shortly before the book was published in 1929 by Eher Verlag , the publishing house of the Nazi Party ( National Socialist German Workers ' Party ; NSDAP ) . By 1920 , the relationship with Anka was over . The break up filled Goebbels with thoughts of suicide . At the University of Heidelberg , Goebbels wrote his doctoral thesis on Wilhelm von Schütz , a minor 19th century romantic dramatist . He had hoped to write his thesis under the supervision of Friedrich Gundolf , who at that time was a well known literary historian .
Disraeli 's expansionist foreign policy , which Victoria endorsed , led to conflicts such as the Anglo Zulu War and the Second Anglo Afghan War . " If we are to maintain our position as a first rate Power " , she wrote , " we must ... be Prepared for attacks and wars , somewhere or other , CONTINUALLY . " Victoria saw the expansion of the British Empire as civilising and benign , protecting native peoples from more aggressive powers or cruel rulers : " It is not in our custom to annexe countries " , she said , " unless we are obliged & forced to do so .
Radford was subsequently visited by Artemus L. Gates , Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Air . The latter was so impressed that he ordered Rear Admiral John H. Towers , chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics , to transfer Radford to a newly formed training division . Radford took command of the Aviation Training Division in Washington , D.C. on 1 December 1941 , seven days before the attack on Pearl Harbor that brought the United States into World War II . He was appointed as Director of Aviation Training for both the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations and the Bureau of Navigation ; the double appointment helped to centralize training coordination for all naval aviators .
The design is also known as the Chainette ( little necklace ) . TransÉnergie uses two level pylons for angle towers or structures on 735 kV power lines to change the direction of the line or switch the position of the conductor bundles . Delta pylons and three leg guyed towers are also used as angle towers ; they are referred to as " penguins " by Hydro Québec linemen . Pylons for other voltage levels Hydro Québec TransÉnergie uses a combination of double circuit three level pylons and single circuit delta pylons to suspend electrical conductors of other voltages , such as 315 kV .
In Culture and Resistance : Conversations with Edward Saïd , Said likened his political situation to the situation that Noam Chomsky has endured as a public intellectual : It 's very similar to his . He 's a well known , great linguist . He 's been celebrated and honored for that , but he 's also vilified as an anti – Semite and as a Hitler worshiper . . . . For anyone to deny the horrendous experience of anti Semitism and the Holocaust is unacceptable . We don 't want anybody 's history of suffering to go unrecorded and unacknowledged .
John Cherry , another former Keeper of the medieval collections at the British Museum , still presents the older dating in a work of 2010 , and the British Museum website dates the cup to " about 1370 – 1380 " . Another traditional assumption , based on the language of the inventories and shared by almost all writers , was that the cup was a piece of secular plate , for use at table , or display on a buffet beside it . The buffet of the period was more like a modern Welsh dresser or shop display unit , with receding shelves for displaying on important occasions all the plate of the household that was not in use .
The squadron was followed by the Fairey Barracuda torpedo bombers of 828 and 841 Squadrons that made up No. 2 Naval Torpedo Bomber Reconnaissance Wing later that month . Her first mission was to locate the German battleship Tirpitz which had left its anchorage in Kaafjord in early October . Implacable departed Scapa Flow on 16 October , and a section of her Fireflies spotted the battleship off Håkøya Island near Tromsø two days later . No attack was mounted because the carrier lacked any single seat fighters aboard to escort the strike aircraft , although they did damage a cargo ship before returning home .
The following season the Flyers ' record fell to 45 – 20 – 15 finishing second to the Islanders in both the division and the Conference . Shero again led the Flyers to the semi finals , where they lost to the Bruins once more . At the end of the season Shero , who had one more year left on his contract , submitted a letter of resignation stating that the Flyers needed a change whether they realized it or not . Flyers management had previously heard rumors about Shero wanting to leave Philadelphia and re join the Rangers organization , and refused to accept his letter of resignation .
When this was completed in 1975 , a paving contract was awarded from Carlingview Avenue to Highway 401 . Highway 409 first opened to traffic by 1976 , with temporary ramps at Carlingview Avenue acting as the western terminus . That year the final contracts were awarded to construct portions of the Highway 427 interchange and connect Highway 409 with the airport road system . The entire freeway opened on August 25 , 1978 . The flyover ramp , which connects southbound Highway 427 with eastbound Highway 409 was constructed in the early 1990s . Prior to that , an at grade intersection crossed the northbound lanes of Highway 427 , controlled by a traffic signal .
Most species are also bioluminescent , but the light is usually blue or green and can only be seen in darkness . However some significant groups , including all known platyctenids and the cydippid genus Pleurobrachia , are incapable of bioluminescence . When some species , including Bathyctena chuni , Euplokamis stationis and Eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies . Juveniles will luminesce more brightly in relation to their body size than adults , whose luminescence is diffused over their bodies . Detailed statistical investigation has not suggested the function of ctenophores ' bioluminescence nor produced any correlation between its exact color and any aspect of the animals ' environments , such as depth or whether they live in coastal or mid ocean waters .
Between 1904 and 1905 , Hull City played their home games at The Boulevard . This ground was used by Hull on a contract which allowed them to use it when not used for Rugby League , at a cost of £ 100 per annum . Hull built their own ground , Anlaby Road , which was opened in 1906 . With the threat of the rerouting of the railway line through the Anlaby Road ground , the club was convinced it needed to secure its future by owning its own ground . They negotiated the deal for land between Boothferry Road and North Road in 1929 , which was financed by a £ 3,000 loan from the FA .
Bones show the same pitting that signals decompression sickness in humans . Older skeletons showed the most extensive pitting , whereas calves showed no damage . This damage may indicate that sperm whales are susceptible to decompression sickness , and sudden surfacing could be lethal to them . Like all cetaceans , the spine of the sperm whale has reduced zygapophysial joints , of which the remnants are modified and are positioned higher on the vertebral dorsal spinous process , hugging it laterally , to prevent extensive lateral bending and facilitate more dorso ventral bending . These evolutionary modifications make the spine more flexible but weaker than the spines of terrestrial vertebrates .
The origin of Oltenia is given by some of the chronicles differently : according to these chronicles Oltenia was colonized by Romanians from Turnu Severin , who founded two other capitals , at Strehaia and Craiova . After the arrival of Radu Negru and his descălecat , these Romanians swore allegiance to him . Radu Negru ’ s personality is surrounded by legend ; no details about him can be proved by other historical sources . Some chronicles identify him with the founder of various churches , such as the monastery at Curtea de Argeș , but they mistake him for later voivodes of Wallachia , such as Radu I ( c .
The most active glam metal music scene was starting to appear in clubs on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles , including The Trip , the Whisky a Go Go , and the Starwood . These clubs began to avoid booking punk rock bands because of fears of violence and began booking many area metal bands , usually on a " pay to play " basis , thus creating a vibrant scene for hard rock music . An increasing numbers of metal bands were able to produce debut albums in 1984 , including Ratt ( from Los Angeles ) with its breakthrough album Out of the Cellar Bon Jovi ( from New Jersey ) with its initial self titled album Bon Jovi , Great White with its self titled Great White , Black ' n Blue ( from Portland Oregon ) with its self titled album Black ' n Blue , Autograph with its first album Sign In Please , and W.A.S.P. with its self titled debut album W.A.S.P .. Also , in 1984 , Lita Ford put out her second album called Dancin ' on the Edge , Quiet Riot released its follow up album to Metal Health called Condition Critical , Dokken released its second album called Tooth and Nail , and Kiss released its very glam sounding album called Animalize .
Ancient oceans left behind chalk subsoil deposits when they receded 70 million years ago . Earthquakes that rocked the region over 10 million years ago pushed the marine sediments of belemnite fossils up to the surface to create the belemnite chalk terrain . The belemnite in the soil allows it to absorb heat from the sun and gradually release it during the night as well as providing good drainage . This soil contributes to the lightness and finesse that is characteristic of Champagne wine . The Aube area is an exception with predominately clay based soil . The chalk is also used in the construction of underground cellars that can keep the wines cool through the bottle maturation process .
In this atmosphere , on November 22 , 1982 , Time magazine published an issue with Andropov on the cover . When Smith viewed the edition , she asked her mother , " If people are so afraid of him , why doesn 't someone write a letter asking whether he wants to have a war or not ? " . Her mother replied , " Why don 't you ? " Smith was born on June 29 , 1972 , in the small town of Houlton , Maine , on the Canada – United States border , to Jane Reed and Arthur Smith .
Some criticisms were the bugs in regards to the physics and crashes — some of which broke quests and even prevented progression . The AI and stiff character animations are another common point of criticism , as is the ending . Edge stated that " the game is cumbersome in design and frequently incompetent in the details of execution " , taking particular issue with the nakedness of the HUD , the clarity of the menu interface , and that the smaller problems are carried over from Oblivion . Edge liked the central story but said " the writing isn 't quite as consistent as the ideas that underpin " and that the " voice acting is even less reliable " .
" Miller reportedly snapped " So would I — if I had fibrositis " ; Bradman had been discharged from the armed services during World War II on health grounds , whereas most of the team had been sent into battle . Miller had crash landed while serving as a fighter pilot in the Royal Australian Air Force in England and had suffered chronic back trouble ever since . Washbrook had been criticised after the First Test for playing aggressively and taking too many risks early in his innings , having fallen twice to attacking shots . He continued to play in a similar way , rather than adopting the traditional opener 's strategy of not playing at any ball unless it was going to hit the stumps and waiting for the bowlers to tire .
It was partially obscured by clouds and heavy squalls so the attacking aircraft only had moderate success , setting some structures on fire and destroying several aircraft on the ground . On 16 January 1945 the BPF sailed for its primary base in the Pacific Ocean , Sydney , Australia . En route , the carriers of the 1st ACS attacked Palembang on 24 January and 29 January ( Operation Meridian ) . Illustrious 's air group consisted of 32 Corsairs and 21 Avengers by now and she contributed 12 of her Avengers and 16 Corsairs to the first attack , which destroyed most of the oil storage tanks and cut the refinery 's output by half for three months .
" In 1999 , " ... Baby One More Time " earned Spears her first three MTV Video Music Award nominations , in the categories of Best Pop Video , Best Choreography , and Best Female Video . In a list compiled by VH1 in 2001 , it was listed at number ninety in the best videos of all time . The video was the first of fourteen of her videos to retire on MTV 's television series TRL . On its final episode , a three hour special aired on November 16 , 2008 , " … Baby One More Time " was number one in their final countdown as the most iconic music videos of all time and was the last video to be played on the show .
Samus must travel to three temples to ensure the destruction of the Ing , while battling Space Pirates and her mysterious doppelgänger called Dark Samus . Retro decided to make the game different from its predecessor by adding more focus on storyline and including new gameplay elements . Nintendo launched a viral marketing campaign to promote the game that included several websites written as if taking place in the Metroid universe . Echoes ' single player mode and graphics were praised by critics , while its steep difficulty level and multiplayer components were met less positively . Since its release , Echoes has received several video game industry awards , as well as spots on " top games " lists by Nintendo Power and IGN .
While Massive Dynamic offers its computing resources to identify possible buildings of similar mass , Walter implores Olivia ( Anna Torv ) to recall her childhood Cortexiphan induced ability to see objects from the alternate universe , believing she will be able to foresee which building will be affected and warn everyone in time . He takes her to the disused child care facility in Jacksonville , Florida , where the Cortexiphan trials were performed . Walter first puts Olivia under heavy sedation , and she experiences meeting her younger , frightened self , but is still unable to trigger her ability .
The local fire brigade managed to stop the fire reaching the wooden stairs to the top of the tower . Prebendary F. E. Murphy , the rector of Walcot , established an appeal for funds of £ 300 for the restoration . By 1954 the stairs up the tower had become unsafe and a further appeal for public funds for the restoration was started . In 1970 the Church Commissioners declared the chapel redundant and plans drawn up by the new owners , Dr & Mrs Hilliard , to renovate the tower and create two flats . The Beckford Tower Trust and the museum were established in 1977 .
There are many German versions of Gilbert and Sullivan operas , including the popular Der Mikado . There is even a German version of The Grand Duke . Some German translations were made by Friedrich Zell and Richard Genée , librettists of Die Fledermaus and other Viennese operettas , who even translated one of Sullivan 's lesser known operas , The Chieftain , as ( Der Häuptling ) . Pirates of Penzance - The Ballet ! , created for the Queensland Ballet in 1991 Pineapple Poll , created by John Cranko in 1951 at Sadler 's Wells Theatre ; in repertoire at the Birmingham Royal Ballet .
" The reviewer added " It is a strange unpredictable world Mr. Jones conjures up and Mr. Saville , with the aid of an excellent cast ( Miss Maureen Pryor and Miss Ursula Howells were particularly good ) and some haunting songs by Mr. Bob Dylan , brought it powerfully to life . " The Observer , in 2005 , reports that the play " got stinking reviews " according to folk singer Martin Carthy , adding that the Western Daily Mail reviewer was " baffled " and The Listener had " noted that Dylan had ' sat around playing and singing attractively , if a little incomprehensibly ' " .
Berkeley : Transform Press . ISBN 978 0 9630096 3 0 . . with Perry , Wendy ( 2002 ) . The Simple Plant Isoquinolines . Berkeley : Transform Press . ISBN 0 9630096 2 1 . . with Shulgin , Ann ( 1997 ) . " A New Vocabulary " . In Forte , Robert . Entheogens and the Future of Religion . Berkeley : Council on Spiritual Practices . ISBN 1 889725 01 3 . . with Shulgin , Ann ( 1997 ) . TIHKAL : The Continuation . Berkeley : Transform Press . ISBN 0 9630096 9 9 .
Yancey Strickler of Flak Magazine wrote that in " Work It Out " , Knowles sounds like Pam Grier " taking five from the revolution to let her afro down . Loose and funky ( apologies for the overused terminology there , but ' Work It Out ' practically defines it ) , the tune was Beyoncé declaring , ' I am woman , hear you drool . ' Self assured and immune to any of that tired old guff , she 's out of Huey Newton 's league untouchable . " Following the song 's 2002 release , it was included during many post 2003 award ceremonies .
On June 27 , 1950 , after the outbreak of fighting in Korea , Truman ordered the U.S. Navy 's Seventh Fleet into the Taiwan Strait to prevent further conflict between the communist government on the China mainland and the Republic of China ( ROC ) on Taiwan . In August 1948 , Whittaker Chambers , a former spy for the Soviets and a senior editor at Time magazine , testified before the House Un American Activities Committee ( HUAC ) . He said that an underground communist network had been working within the U.S. government since the 1930s , of which Chambers had been a member , along with Alger Hiss , until recently a senior State Department official .
The gills are white to cream colored , and fairly crowded together ; they are mostly free from attachment to the stipe . Gills are interconnected at their bases by veins . The stipe is cylindrical , white , and of variable height , up to 8 cm ( 3 in ) tall and 4 cm ( 1.6 in ) wide ; it is roughly the same thickness at both the top and the base . The top portion of the stipe may be farinose — covered with a white , mealy powder . It may turn slightly brown with age , or when it is injured or bruised from handling .
Speaking of the album 's sound , McKinnon said that the band " wanted to make sure it was heavier and poppier " while at the same time trying " to take it to the next level " . In the early hours of one morning , McKinnon was driving to Ocala , Florida when the chorus guitar riff to " The Downfall of Us All " came to him , sometime in September 2008 . Upon arriving at his mom 's house , he got an acoustic guitar and worked the song out , finishing it within 2 days .
The changes meant that WIN expanded into the rest of southern New South Wales , launching new stations in Canberra , Orange , Bathurst , Dubbo and Wagga Wagga , amongst others in 1989 , and at the same time acquiring new facilities in Orange , Wagga and Canberra . It also provided the network with two additional competitors , The Prime Network and Capital Television . In 1990 WIN purchased Queensland station Star TV , with stations in Rockhampton ( RTQ ) and the Darling Downs ( DDQ and SDQ ) , shortly before regional Queensland was to be aggregated .
Enlightenment philosophy had developed Western Europeans ’ interest in Greece , or rather in an idealised Ancient Greece , the linchpin of Antiquity , as it was perceived and taught . The Enlightenment philosophers , for whom the notions of Nature and Reason were so important , believed that these had been the fundamental values of Classical Athens . The Ancient Greek democracies , and above all Athens , became models to emulate . There they searched for answers to the political and philosophical problems of their time . Works such as those of Abbé Barthélemy , Voyage du Jeune Anacharsis ( 1788 ) , served to fix definitively the image that Europe had of the Aegean .
At around 12 : 30 , Mainz encountered the British cruiser Arethusa and several destroyers . The ships engaged each other for the next forty five minutes . Fifteen minutes into the engagement , three British cruisers appeared ; Mainz broke off the engagement and attempted to escape from the superior British forces . The pursuing British cruisers scored several hits , but by 12 : 55 , Mainz had escaped under cover of a dense smoke screen . Another British cruiser , Fearless , and six destroyers , appeared on Mainz 's port side , however , and attacked the fleeing German ship .
In the first , the former Scientologists describe how they joined Scientology ; the second act recounts the history of Scientology and its founder L. Ron Hubbard ; and in the final act , the film airs allegations of the abuse of church members and misconduct by its leadership , particularly David Miscavige , who is accused of intimidating , beating , imprisoning , and exploiting subordinates . The film depicts the role played by celebrity members , such as John Travolta and Tom Cruise , through video clips contrasting their statements with the experiences of former Scientologists . To support its thesis , the film utilises footage of ex Scientologists harassed and surveilled ( per Hubbard 's dictum that the church 's critics were all criminals whose crimes needed to be exposed ) , and describes the imprisonment of senior Scientology executives in a facility known as " The Hole " ; one Scientologist was said to have been forced to clean a bathroom with his tongue .
I wasn 't a lot of big plays , it was four yards , five yards . Running the clock was kinda just what the doctor ordered at that point in the game . I 've never seen a drive like that ... In fact it wasn 't even as if we were playing bad defense . I think their average gain was 3.6 yards ; we just couldn 't make them punt . Midshipmen quarterback Aaron Polanco was named as the offensive Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) of the game , finishing the contest with 101 passing yards and 136 rushing yards , a new team bowl record for the Midshipmen .
Enemies & Allies was published in May 2009 and met with mixed reviews which noted flat characterization but that it may be entertaining for comic book fans . The novel Enemies & Allies uses the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman . It was written by science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson who , at the time of publication , was 47 years old and living in Colorado . He had been writing novels for the past 20 years and had 15 years ' experience writing tie in novels to existing franchises , such as The X Files and Star Wars .
; as well a pair on 17 August on the infamous Schweinfurt raid . He was awarded the Ehrenpokal ( Goblet of Honour ) on 23 August , and the German Cross in Gold on 25 November . Specht became increasingly critical of the relatively weak armament of the Bf 109 during this time . Towards the end of 1943 , with longer ranged fighter escorts accompanying the Allied bombers , tactics had to change : The single engined fighters would engage the fighter screen while a Zerstörergruppe would take on the bombers . Coincidentally , for a while Specht ’ s II .
The whip like tail generally measures up to one and half times the length of the disc , and bears one ( more if replacements have grown in ) long , slender , serrated spine on the upper surface , closer to the base than the tip . Behind the spine , there are long dorsal and ventral fin folds that rise gradually , reaching a relatively high apex before sloping down abruptly . The presence of the upper fin fold separates this species from the similar longtail stingray ( D. longa ) , which shares most of its range .
It also landed at number 197 on the nation 's Billboard 200 and at number eight on the magazine 's Compilation Albums chart . In the United Kingdom , the album landed on the Official Charts Company 's UK Dance Albums Charts at number twenty and number twenty two on the Official Charts Company 's Soundtrack Albums Chart . Critical response to Star Wars Headspace was mixed , holding a weighted mean of a 48 out of 100 on the site Metacritic based on seven reviews . Drew Mcweeny reviewed it for One Thing I Love Today , his daily column on HitFix which is meant to highlight certain aspects of modern day popular culture .
In 1950 , Clements resigned to assume a seat in the U.S. Senate , elevating Wetherby to governor . Wetherby won immediate acclaim by calling a special legislative session to increase funding for education and government benefits from the state 's budget surplus . In 1951 , he won a four year full term as governor , during which he continued and expanded many of Clements ' programs , including increased road construction and industrial diversification . He endorsed the Supreme Court 's 1954 desegregation order in the case of Brown v. Board of Education and appointed a biracial commission to oversee the successful integration of the state 's schools .
He was captivated by a radio broadcast of Governor Adlai Stevenson 's speech accepting the presidential nomination at the 1952 Democratic National Convention . He immediately dedicated himself to Stevenson 's campaign , publishing seven articles in the Mitchell Daily Republic newspaper outlining the historical issues that separated the Democratic Party from the Republicans . The McGoverns named their only son Steven , born immediately after the convention , after his new hero . Although Stevenson lost the election , McGovern remained active in politics , believing that " the engine of progress in our time in America is the Democratic Party " .
NATO is a military alliance of twenty six European and two North American countries that constitutes a system of collective defence . The process of joining the alliance is governed by Article 10 of the North Atlantic Treaty , which allows only for the invitation of " other European States , " and by subsequent agreements . Countries wishing to join have to meet certain requirements and complete a multi step process involving political dialogue and military integration . The accession process is overseen by the North Atlantic Council , NATO 's governing body . After its formation in 1949 with twelve founding members , NATO grew by including Greece and Turkey in 1952 and West Germany in 1955 , and then later Spain in 1982 .
It was also repainted with a special Iron Maiden livery , which the airline decided to retain after receiving positive feedback from customers . The aircraft , named " Ed Force One " after a competition on the band 's website , was flown by Dickinson , as he was also a commercial airline pilot for Astraeus , and plays a major role in the award winning documentary , Iron Maiden : Flight 666 , which was released in cinemas in 42 countries in April 2009 . A different aeroplane ( registered G STRX ) was used for The Final Frontier World Tour in 2011 with altered livery , adopting the artwork of The Final Frontier album , and features heavily in the 2012 documentary " Behind the Beast " .
In the film , it is abbreviated to an " idea " , in Goldenberg 's words . " It 's an iconic moment when you realise your parents are normal , flawed human beings . ... Things get trimmed out , but I kept the meat of that in there – and that was what really gave me the coming of age story . " Young Lily Potter did not appear at all , but promotional screenshots show unknown teenager Susie Shinner in the role . The scene at St Mungo 's , the hospital where Harry and friends run into classmate Neville Longbottom and learn that his parents were tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange , was cut because it required the construction of a new set .
The Maple Leaf Flag on the casket was partially obscured by the Red Ensign . After the service , his body was taken by train on a slow journey to its final destination , Saskatoon ; along the route , many Canadians lined the tracks to watch the funeral train pass . In Winnipeg , an estimated 10,000 people waited at midnight in a one kilometre line to file past the casket which made the trip draped in a Canadian flag and Diefenbaker 's beloved Red Ensign . In Prince Albert , thousands of those he had represented filled the square in front of the railroad station to salute the only man from Saskatchewan ever to become Prime Minister .
During Peter and Lois ' " fat sex " , Peter repeatedly states " almost , almost " ; originally , there was going to be approximately twice as many of these , but they were never included in the episode . The DVD version of the episode shows Peter arriving at the sperm bank and saying to the receptionist : " I have an appointment to banish a White Russian from my Kremlin " , to which she replies with " This is a sperm bank , you don 't have to use innuendo " , and Peter concludes the conversation with " Where do I splooge ?
On January 19 against # 19 Oklahoma , Alexander posted 13 points and 13 rebounds . The 13 rebounds in just 23 minutes played marked a career high for Alexander and an individual season high for the Jayhawks . Alexander was named Big 12 newcomer of the week on January 26 , 2015 . Alexander made his second start of the season on February 10 against Texas Tech , replacing Jamari Traylor in the lineup and posting 10 points , 4 blocks and 5 rebounds . On February 28 , Alexander was inactivated due to an undisclosed NCAA investigation as a precautionary measure .
" Rafer Guzman of Newsday gave the film three out of four stars , saying " So many computer animated movies are brash , loud and popping with pop culture comedy , but Ratatouille has the warm glow of a favorite book . The characters are more than the sum of their gigabyte consuming parts -- they feel handcrafted . " Roger Moore of the Orlando Sentinel gave the film three out of five stars , saying " Has Pixar lost its magic recipe ? Ratatouille is filled with fairly generic animated imagery , a few modest chases , a couple of good gags , not a lot of laughs .
This event has been interpreted variously as a show of commitment , a mark of cowardice , the result of political pressure , or as his free decision . On the one hand , the apparat was undoubtedly less repressive than it had been before Stalin 's death . On the other , his son recalled that the event reduced Shostakovich to tears , and he later told his wife Irina that he had been blackmailed . Lev Lebedinsky has said that the composer was suicidal . Once he joined the Party , several articles denouncing individualism in music were published in Pravda under his name , though he did not actually write them .
This contributed to England 's failure to qualify for the 1984 European Championships , and Robson offered his resignation . It was rejected by the FA chairman , Bert Millichip , and Robson went on to lead the England team to qualify for the 1986 World Cup in Mexico . England were defeated in the quarter final by Argentina with a brace of goals from Diego Maradona ; the infamous " Hand of God " goal , and the " Goal of the Century " he scored five minutes later . Robson 's England dropped only one point in qualifying for Euro 1988 , which included an 8 – 0 win over Turkey .
Its conservative counterpart and nemesis was the Anti Jacobin Review , established specifically to counteract the effects of the Analytical and other radical media outlets . The Analytical was suspended at the end of 1798 following the deaths of Christie and Wollstonecraft in 1796 and 1797 respectively , and the retirement of other contributing editors . In 1796 Johnson joined in a venture to start The Monthly Magazine . Founded by his neighbour Richard Phillips and edited by his friend John Aikin , it was associated with Dissenting interests and was responsible for importing much German philosophical thought into England .
Mary rejected him as well . Ferdinand offered Mary the post of regent again in 1528 , but she declined , saying that " such affairs need a person wiser and older " . Ferdinand persisted in drawing Mary into his affairs throughout 1529 . Archduchess Margaret died on 1 December the next year , leaving the position of Governor of the Seventeen Provinces in the Netherlands vacant . Ferdinand informed her about their aunt 's death , saying that her affairs might now " take a different course " . On 3 January 1531 , Mary 's older brother , Holy Roman Emperor Charles V , requested that she assume the regency of the Netherlands .
According to Italian reports , Đujić had around 300 Chetniks under his command that month , centered mainly around Knin . By mid month , his Chetniks were launching raids against communist held villages between Bosansko Grahovo and Drvar in conjunction with the Italians , who considered him a filibuster ( filibustiere ) . His Chetniks also successfully kept the Ustaše out of Knin and its surroundings , sparing the local Serb population from further massacres . As summer approached , Đujić 's Chetniks captured Drvar from the Ustaše . By early summer , he and Chetnik commander Stevo Rađenović contacted the Italians and asked them to put a halt to the Ustaše mistreatment of Serbs , enable the return of Serb refugees , and repeal a decree that enabled the confiscation of Serb owned property in the NDH .
Mars Crossing ( 2000 ) Impact Parameter ( and Other Quantum Realities ) ( 16 shorts ) A Walk in the Sun Impact Parameter Elemental Ecopoiesis Across the Darkness Ouroboros Into the Blue Abyss Snow Rorvik 's War Approaching Perimelasma What We Do Here at NASA Dark Lady Outsider 's Chance Beneath the Stars of Winter The Singular Habits of Wasps Winter Fire A Walk in the Sun ( Great Science Fiction Stories ) 2004 Ripples in the Dirac Sea A Walk in the Sun Falling Onto Mars The Man in the Mirror 2009 The Sultan of the Clouds 2010 A Hotel in Antarctica 2014 Landis has also published a number of poems , much of it involving science fiction or science themes .
Morris responded by scoring 83 and 110 in the traditional pre Christmas match between New South Wales and Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground , the top score in both innings . However , he was unable to prevent an innings defeat . He was retained for the Third Test in Melbourne , but made only 21 in the first innings . If he had failed a fourth time , it could have allowed another player to claim his position , but Morris secured his place with his maiden Test century , scoring 155 in the second innings , and making the most of an ideal batting surface .
A site on the city 's Northside was approved on August 10 , 1958 , due to land availability and parking space , the latter of which had been a problem at Forbes Field . The same site had hosted Exposition Park , which the Pirates had left in 1909 . The stadium was located in a hard to access portion of downtown , making it hard in later years to get in before games and leave after games . Political debate continued over the North Side Sports Stadium and the project was often behind schedule and over budget . Arguments were made by commissioner ( and former Allegheny County Medical Examiner ) Dr. William McCelland that the Pirates and Steelers should fund a higher percentage of the $ 33 million project ( $ 240.7 million today ) .
He also wished to become independent after playing games like Year Walk ( 2013 ) and 80 Days ( 2014 ) . Barlow avoided development until he had an idea that was possible to execute . " I could probably quite easily have gone and made an exploration horror game ... but I kind of knew that there would be big compromises there because of budget , " he said . Barlow spent his savings to work on the game , allowing him a year of development time . He followed through with the concept of Her Story , as it focused on an " intimate setting , dialogue and character interaction " , which he found was often dismissed in larger titles .
Póvoa de Varzim developed a cosmopolitan style and became a service sector city . It is one of northern Portugal 's main urban centres . Póvoa is the focal point of a larger area , which includes Vila do Conde and Esposende . Occupying an area of 82.1 km2 ( 31.7 sq mi ) , Póvoa de Varzim lies between the Cávado and Ave rivers , or , from a wider perspective , halfway between the Minho and Douro rivers on the northern coast of Portugal — the Costa Verde . It is bordered to the north by the municipality of Esposende , to the northeast by Barcelos , to the east by Vila Nova de Famalicão , and to the south by Vila do Conde .
Rjukan station handled 100 wagons , with 800 tonnes potassium nitrate and 400 tonnes ammonia ; by 1962 723,482 tonnes were transported on Rjukanbanen , 14 % of the transported amount of NSB ( excluding the ore trains on Ofotbanen ) . In total 30 million tonnes on 1,5 million carloads were transported from 1911 to 1991 . Norsk Hydro announced in 1963 a savings plan for its four plants in Norway ; Chief Executive Officer Rolf Østbye made it clear that new technology in the production of ammonia would force the closure of the plant at Rjukan , and replace it with a petroleum based process at Herøya .
During production , the episode used the working title " The Second Coming " . The character Peter Watts makes mention of the origin of the name of Chernobyl , a city in Ukraine that was the location of the Chernobyl disaster , a 1986 nuclear meltdown . According to Watts , the name " Chernobyl " translates as " wormwood " , causing the disaster to be likened to the Biblical star of Wormwood prophesied in the Book of Revelation , which was said to cause death through poisoning the waters . However , the word " chernobyl " can be translated as " black grass " or " black myth " .
Numerically superior and better equipped , the Korean People 's Army ( KPA ) crossed the 38th Parallel and rapidly advanced south , easily overcoming the South Koreans . In response , the United Nations ( UN ) decided to intervene on behalf of South Korea , inviting member states to send forces to restore the situation . As a consequence , American ground forces were hastily deployed in an attempt to prevent the South Koreans from collapsing ; however , they too were under strength and poorly equipped , and by early August had been forced back by the North Koreans to an enclave around Pusan , known as the Pusan Perimeter .
The four relieve Volt and Guthrie from duty and are allowed into the building . Dredd encounters Chan and is suspicious that he does not ask about Anderson 's status . Seeing his cover blown , Chan attacks Dredd , but is killed . Meanwhile , Kay tries to execute Anderson with her own weapon , but the pistol 's DNA scanner does not recognise him and explodes , taking his arm off . She escapes and later encounters Kaplan , whom she promptly kills after reading Kaplan 's mind . Elsewhere , Dredd kills Alvarez but runs out of ammunition , and is shot by Lex in the abdomen .
Thus , the seignorage , or difference between the face value of the coin and the worth of the metal contained within it accrued to the government 's credit , not private citizens . President Hayes vetoed the bill , but Congress overrode the veto , and the Bland – Allison Act became law . As the 1880 presidential elections approached , many Democrats remained convinced Tilden had been robbed of the presidency in 1876 . In the House , Tilden supporter Clarkson Nott Potter of New York sought an investigation into the 1876 election in Florida and Louisiana , hoping that evidence of Republican malfeasance would harm that party 's candidate in 1880 .
The songs " Captor of Sin " and " Chemical Warfare " are regularly featured on the band 's live set list . " Chemical Warfare " appears in Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock . Slayer 's previous album Show No Mercy had sold over 40,000 copies worldwide and the band were performing the songs " Chemical Warfare " and " Captor of Sin " live , which made producer Brian Slagel want to release an EP . The album was recorded in Hollywood with sound engineer Bill Metoyer , in a studio with no carpet which was a problem while recording the drums .
During La Niña years , the formation of tropical cyclones , along with the subtropical ridge position , shifts westward across the western Pacific ocean , which increases the landfall threat to China and greater intensity to Philippines . Those that form near the Marshall Islands find their way to Jeju Island , Korea . Typhoon paths follow three general directions . Straight track ( or straight runner ) . A general westward path affects the Philippines , southern China , Taiwan , and Vietnam . A parabolic , recurving track . Storms recurving affect eastern Philippines , eastern China , Taiwan , Korea , Japan , and the Russian Far East .
It 's very different from television of the past . " " Scorsese is an actor magnet , " commented Winter . " Everybody wants to work with him . I had all these pictures on my wall and I thought , ' I 'd really better write some good stuff for these people . ' " In casting the role of Nucky Thompson ( based upon real life Atlantic City political boss Enoch L. Johnson ) , Winter wanted to stray from the real life Johnson as much as possible . " If we were going to cast accurately what the real Nucky looked like , we 'd have cast Jim Gandolfini .
On 18 November , Dresden and Leipzig met Spee while en route and the squadron reached St. Quentin Bay three days later . There , they took on more coal , since the voyage around Cape Horn would be a long one and it was unclear when they would have another opportunity to coal . Once word of the defeat reached London , the Royal Navy set to organizing a force to hunt down and destroy the East Asia Squadron . To this end , the powerful new battlecruisers Invincible and Inflexible were detached from the Grand Fleet and placed under the command of Vice Admiral Doveton Sturdee .
The NTSB report stated that if examined disks were not from the same source , “ the records on a large number of GEAE disks are suspect . It also means that any AD action that is based on the serial number of a disk could fail to have its intended effect because suspect disks could remain in service . ” The FAA report did not explicitly address the impact of these uncertainties on operations of military aircraft that might have contained a suspect disk . The investigation , while praising the actions of the flight crew for saving lives , would later identify the cause of the accident as a failure by United Airlines maintenance processes and personnel to detect an existing fatigue crack .
However , the rate of expansion of the network during this period had slowed considerably and only one station was opened during the 1970s . Four different long term expansion proposals were put forward between 1964 and 1991 which all proposed adding numerous lines to the network as well as extending the existing ones . Given the political instability characteristic of Argentina during this time , none of these proposals came to fruition , though aspects of them have been incorporated into contemporary expansion plans . One additional proposal put forward in 1973 saw the unification of the city 's commuter rail lines through underground tunnels and incorporated into the Buenos Aires Underground , and while this was also shelved , it has been adapted into the current Red de Expresos Regionales proposal .
Little investment was forthcoming under James I or Charles I and by 1630 the garrison 's pay was in arrears , with the fort was in need of repairs estimated at £ 1,248 . In 1631 the blockhouse was equipped with two brass demi culverins and sakers , and an iron culverin , six demi culverins , four sakers and one minion ; the brass guns , which were needed for naval units , were exchanged for iron weapons in 1635 . In 1642 civil war broke out between the supporters of King Charles I and those of Parliament . Gravesend was controlled by Parliament , who placed it under the command of a military governor who oversaw both this fort and Tilbury , and was used to control traffic entering London and to search for spies .
Dong Zhuo later poisoned Emperor Shao . Dong was killed by his adopted son Lü Bu ( d . 198 AD ) in a plot hatched by Wang Yun ( d . 192 AD ) . Emperor Xian fled from Chang 'an in 195 AD to the ruins of Luoyang . Xian was persuaded by Cao Cao ( 155 – 220 AD ) , then Governor of Yan Province in modern western Shandong and eastern Henan , to move the capital to Xuchang in 196 AD . Yuan Shao challenged Cao Cao for control over the emperor . Yuan 's power was greatly diminished after Cao defeated him at the Battle of Guandu in 200 AD .
Many of the jokes in the episode were inspired by the actual vote regarding Proposition 8 and similar legislative debates over same sex marriage throughout the United States , with several critics noting that the episode was favorable toward same sex marriage . Openly gay actor George Takei guest stars in this episode , moderating the Proposition Infinity debate . Takei , a frequent guest star in the series , is an outspoken LGBT activist and marriage equality spokesperson . Takei married his partner , Brad Altman , on June 17 , 2008 when same sex marriage was legal in California .
" The material on Folio 2 recto is from a later date . The upper half of the page contains an engraved portrait of Gamble , printed by W. Richardson in 1795 , pasted in . The lower portion contains a brief biographical inscription concerning Gamble in the hand of the former owner , Edward F. Rimbault . A note giving a brief description of the contents has been tipped in near the center of the binding . There are two tables of contents . The first , with the heading " The Cattalogue " on folios 3r 5r , is a numbered list of songs from 1 through 266 .
Like many console role playing games of the era , Final Fantasy III is noted for its difficulty . Square developed and released Final Fantasy III during the same period that Nintendo released its 16 bit Super Famicom console , intended as the successor to the original 8 bit Famicom . Designer Hiromichi Tanaka said that the original game was never released outside Japan because Square was focused on developing for Nintendo 's new console . Square planned to localize and release the game outside Japan , but the game 's localization 's plans were scrapped . The music of the Final Fantasy III was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu .
Murphy unsuccessfully tried to buy the rights to the film in 1955 in an attempt to re edit and re release it . Huston tried to buy it in 1957 , but was told the original negative of what he had filmed was destroyed . Although Murphy was initially reluctant to appear as himself in To Hell and Back , the film version of his book , he eventually agreed to do so . Terry Murphy portrayed his brother Joseph Preston Murphy at age four . The film was directed by Jesse Hibbs with an on screen introduction by General Walter Bedell Smith .
He served another term in the Virginia House of Delegates in 1788 . In 1788 , White participated in the Virginia Ratifying Convention , in which Virginia ratified the United States Constitution . White is believed to have used the pseudonym " An Independent Freeholder " to author a series of essays written in support of the Constitution 's ratification . The essays were published in the January 18 and January 25 , 1788 , issues of the Winchester Virginia Gazette newspaper . White served two additional terms in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1799 to 1801 , representing Berkeley County , where he owned a significant amount of land .
Groening felt that the episode was a thirty minute advertisement for Brooks ' show The Critic ( which had moved to Fox from ABC for its second season ) , and was created by former The Simpsons showrunners Al Jean and Mike Reiss , and whose lead character Jay Sherman appears in the episode . He hoped Brooks would pull the episode because " articles began to appear in several newspapers around the country saying that [ Groening ] created The Critic " , and removed his names from the credits . In response , Brooks said " I am furious with Matt , he 's been going to everybody who wears a suit at Fox and complaining about this .
The use of modern media in spreading untruths , by individuals , businesses or governments , is condemned . The ninth and tenth commandments deal with coveting , which is an interior disposition not a physical act . The Catechism distinguishes between covetousness of the flesh ( improper sexual desire ) and covetousness for another 's worldly goods . The ninth commandment deals with the former and the tenth the latter . Jesus emphasized the need for pure thoughts as well as actions , and stated , " Everyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart " ( Matthew 5 : 28 ) .
" Easy Mode " was released in 2006 and allows the player to auto evade incoming attacks and reduce damage taken , while " Hard Mode " , released in 2007 and meant for advanced users , increases the damage dealt by enemy attacks . Before Crisis is set six years prior to the events of Final Fantasy VII . The world on which Before Crisis is set , called " the Planet " in game and " Gaia " by game staff , is divided into multiple regions run by a megacorporation called the Shinra Electric Power Company . Shinra uses the energy of the Planet , known as the Lifestream , to power the world , and as such is endangering the Planet and its people .
The film 's high notable openings were in Russia and the CIS ( $ 8.1 million ) , Germany ( $ 3.8 million ) , Australia ( $ 3.2 million ) , Italy ( $ 2.6 million ) and Spain ( $ 2.3 million ) . The film 's largest markets outside North America were China ( $ 71.2 million ) , the United Kingdom ( $ 47 million ) and France ( $ 38.2 million ) . By February 17 , 2014 , the film had grossed $ 700 million worldwide . Gravity grossed $ 274,092,705 in North America and $ 449,100,000 in other countries , making a worldwide gross of $ 723,192,705 — making it the eighth highest grossing film of 2013 .
Themes explored include the ubiquity of locative technology , the eversion of cyberspace and the political climate of the United States in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 attacks . Spook Country quickly reached mainstream North American bestseller lists and was nominated for British Science Fiction Association and Locus Awards . The first strand of the novel follows Hollis Henry , a former member of the early 1990s cult band The Curfew and a freelance journalist . She is hired by advertising mogul Hubertus Bigend to write a story for his nascent magazine Node ( described as a European Wired ) about the use of locative technology in the art world .
The presidential elections are regulated by an act of the parliament . The constitution requires that the president elect resign from political party membership . The president elect is also required to resign from the parliament as well . Before assuming presidential duty , the president elect is required to take an oath of office before the judges of the Constitutional Court , swearing loyalty to the Constitution of Croatia . The inauguration ceremony is traditionally held at St. Mark 's Square in Zagreb , in front of the St. Mark 's Church , midway between the building of the Parliament of Croatia and Banski dvori — the seat of the Government of Croatia .
During the nineteenth century , the port of Hobart Town was a vital re supply stop for international shipping and trade , and therefore a major freight hub for the British Empire . As such , it was considered vital that the colony be protected . In all , between 1804 and 1942 there were 12 permanent defensive positions constructed in the Hobart region . Prior to Australian Federation , the island of Tasmania was a colony of the British Empire , and as such was often at war with Britain 's enemies and European rivals , such as France and later Russia .
In 1906 , at the Norwich music festival he presented Beethoven 's Choral Symphony and Bach 's St Matthew Passion , with his wife among the singers . In December 1909 , after a short illness , Olga Wood died . Cathcart took Wood away to take his mind off his loss . On his return , Wood resumed his professional routine , with the exception that , after Olga 's death , he rarely performed as piano accompanist for anyone else ; his skill in that art was greatly missed by the critics . In June 1911 , he married his secretary , Muriel Ellen Greatrex ( 1882 – 1967 ) , with whom he had two daughters .
In 1961 , Gingrich graduated from Baker High School in Columbus , Georgia . He had been interested in politics since his teen years while living in Orléans , France . He visited the site of the Battle of Verdun and learned about the sacrifices made there and the importance of political leadership . Gingrich avoided the draft , receiving deferments for being a student and being a father , and he did not serve in the military . He expressed some regret about that decision in 1985 , saying , " Given everything I believe in , a large part of me thinks I should have gone over .
However , barring plant destruction , T. grandiflorum can continue flowering every year after it has begun . This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit . As a particularly conspicuous forest flower , T. grandiflorum was designated the provincial emblem of Ontario in 1937 ( Flora Emblem Act ) , and as the state wild flower of Ohio in 1987 . As a symbol of Ontario , a stylized trillium flower features prominently on the official flag of the province 's French speaking community . It is also frequently used by the Canadian Heraldic Authority to represent Ontario in grants of arms .
This usually occurs in the presence of a tumor of the pituitary , although in 80 % of cases this has not been diagnosed previously . The most common initial symptom is a sudden headache , often associated with a rapidly worsening visual field defect or double vision caused by compression of nerves surrounding the gland . This is followed in many cases by acute symptoms caused by lack of secretion of essential hormones , predominantly adrenal insufficiency . The diagnosis is achieved with magnetic resonance imaging and blood tests . Treatment is by the timely correction of hormone deficiencies , and in many cases surgical decompression is required .
Both the state and the NAACP appealed . In Harrison v. NAACP , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 6 to 3 that the district court should have withheld judgment until state courts had considered the issue first . The NAACP then brought suit challenging all five laws in state court . A state circuit court held three of the laws unconstitutional , but upheld the barratry law and the law prohibiting advocacy of lawsuits against the state . On appeal , the Virginia Supreme Court struck down the anti advocacy law as well , but upheld the barratry law . In a 6 to 3 ruling in 1963 that gave broad protection to public interest legal organizations , the U.S. Supreme Court in NAACP v. Button , held that all five of the barratry , champerty , and maintenance laws violated the 1st and 14th Amendments to the constitution .
This was his highest score of the season , in which he made 561 first class runs at 31.16 . The MCC team to Australia was led by Arthur Gilligan . In the opening matches , Chapman was cheered by the crowds who remembered his achievements on the last tour , but failed to make any significant scores . His first big innings came against Victoria ; he made 72 runs out of 111 scored while he was batting and played a large part in a win for the MCC . Against Queensland in the following match , he scored 80 in 70 minutes and then hit 93 against a representative Australian XI .
Jan Zamoyski was born on 19 March 1542 to Stanisław Zamoyski and Anna Herburt in Skokówka . He started his education in a school in Krasnystaw but when he was thirteen years old he was sent to study abroad ; from 1555 to 1559 he was a paige at the royal court in Paris . Already at this young age he attended lectures at the Sorbonne University and Collège de France . In 1559 he briefly visited Poland , then attended the University of Strasbourg ; after a few months there he moved to University of Padua , where from 1561 he studied law and received a doctorate in 1564 .
Like Huntley , authors Chip Madinger and Mark Easter recognise the song as the most obvious example of Spector 's influence on the album . In their book Eight Arms to Hold You , Madinger and Easter also credit the producer with " creating havoc " during the making of All Things Must Pass . According to Harrison 's later recollections and those of Molland , Klaus Voormann and orchestral arranger John Barham , Spector 's erratic behaviour and alcohol intake became a further burden on Harrison , alongside his marital problems and the death of his mother in July 1970 .
Trijata learns of the death of Indrajit by Lakshmana and passes the news to Sita . The Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas also depicts Trijata breaking the news of Indrajit 's death to Sita , upon her inquiry . In another episode in the text , the two discuss the impending duel between Rama and Ravana on the final day of war . Sita is concerned that the ten headed Ravana is invincible and will magically regrow his severed heads . Trijata reassures Sita that Rama will slay Ravana by shooting an arrow through the demon king 's heart . The text emphasizes that Trijata is a devotee of Rama , a feature also found in the Bhavartha Ramayana .
Although Mani ( 216 – 276 AD ) , the founding prophet of Manichaeism , did not proclaim his first religious revelation until 228 / 229 AD , Bivar asserts that his new faith contained " elements of Mandaean belief , Iranian cosmogony , and even echoes of Christianity ... [ it ] may be regarded as a typical reflection of the mixed religious doctrines of the late Arsacid period , which the Zoroastrian orthodoxy of the Sasanians was soon to sweep away . " There is scant archaeological evidence for the spread of Buddhism from the Kushan Empire into Iran proper .
The two kingdoms within Kent were east and west Kent . Western Kent has fewer archaeological finds from the earliest periods than east Kent , and the eastern finds are somewhat distinct in character , showing Jutish and Frankish influence . The archaeological evidence , combined with the known political division into two kingdoms , makes it likely that the origin of the subkingdoms was the conquest of the western half by the eastern , which would have been the first area settled by the invaders . Eadbald came to the throne on the death of his father on 24 February 616 , or possibly 618 .
It included a ropewalk , which made ropes for many industries in the locality , as well as for rigging of the boats , and supplied sails , masts and chandlery to much of the Humber region . Gradually , carvel built barges with their smoother hulls replaced clinker built ones , and boat sizes became more standard , with Sheffield sized keels and larger sloops . Shortly after Richard 's grandson took over the yard in 1910 , it was remodelled to build iron and steel ships , and only one wooden boat was built subsequently . One of the issues with the yard was that the size of boats that could be built was restricted by the locks at either side of the site .
The Australian magpie was first described by English ornithologist John Latham in 1801 as Coracias tibicen , the type collected in the Port Jackson region . Its specific epithet derived from the Latin tibicen " flute player " or " piper " in reference to the bird 's melodious call . An early recorded vernacular name is piping poller , written on a painting by Thomas Watling , one of a group known collectively as the Port Jackson Painter , sometime between 1788 and 1792 . Tarra won nang , or djarrawunang , wibung , and marriyang were names used by the local Eora and Darug inhabitants of the Sydney Basin .
NY 33 and the Genesee Street name take over Walden 's straight , slightly north trending course as it leaves Erie County for Genesee County . In the latter , it intersects with NY 77 in the center of the first community it encounters , the small village of Corfu . At the Batavia town line , it becomes Pearl Street , a name it keeps until it reaches NY 98 within the city of Batavia . In the knot of highways that is the Genesee County seat , NY 33 crosses and briefly overlaps with not only NY 5 , the other east – west route in town , but both north – south routes , NY 63 and NY 98 .
After heading east for two blocks , during which US 40 Alternate intersects one way northbound Locust Street , the municipally maintained alternate route turns southeast onto Frederick Street at a five way junction that also includes north – south Mulberry Street . US 40 Alternate intersects Memorial Boulevard , which heads east past Municipal Stadium , home of the minor league baseball Hagerstown Suns . The highway meets a CSX rail spur at grade while passing through an industrial area that extends to the southern city limits of Hagerstown at Kenly Avenue . US 40 Alternate continues southeast as a state maintained highway that passes the historic home Garden Hill and crosses Antietam Creek into Funkstown , where the highway 's name changes to Westside Avenue .
They measure 45.75 inches ( 116.2 cm ) × 35.5 inches ( 90 cm ) except Freedom of Worship which measures 46.0 inches ( 116.8 cm ) × 35.5 inches ( 90 cm ) . For all of his paintings , Rockwell used live models . In 1935 , Rockwell began using black and white photography of these live models extensively , although he did not publicly reveal he did so until 1940 . The use of photography expanded the possibilities for Rockwell who could ask models to pose in positions that they could only hold for brief periods of time .
He was an employee in the Palace of São Cristóvão whom Pedro I deeply trusted and asked to look after his son — a charge that he carried out for the rest of his life . Bonifácio was dismissed from his position in December 1833 and replaced by another guardian . Pedro II spent his days studying , with only two hours set aside for amusements . Intelligent , he was able to acquire knowledge with great ease . However , the hours of study were strenuous and the preparation for his role as monarch was demanding . He had few friends of his age and limited contact with his sisters .
During the landing , the 2 / 33rd formed part of the floating reserve , but after the early stages of the assault it came ashore on the second day along with the 25th Brigade 's two other infantry battalions , and they assumed control of the central part of the Australian beachhead . The following day , the 25th Brigade began to advance inland up the main north eastern axis , which the Australians dubbed the " Milford Highway " . The 2 / 33rd took up position on the right hand side of the brigade 's front , coming up against stiff Japanese resistance as it advanced around Chilton Road , but this was overcome with machine gun and artillery support , after which the advance inland continued .
Alcuin , who was taught at the school set up in York by Bede 's pupil Egbert , praised Bede as an example for monks to follow and was instrumental in disseminating Bede 's works to all of Alcuin 's friends . Bede 's cult became prominent in England during the 10th century revival of monasticism , and by the 14th century had spread to many of the cathedrals of England . Wulfstan , Bishop of Worcester ( c . 1008 – 1095 ) was a particular devotee of Bede 's , dedicating a church to him in 1062 , which was Wulfstan 's first undertaking after his consecration as bishop .
" I suppose my politics remained essentially in the middle of the road Labour left until the end of the 1970s " . Starkey blames the Callaghan administration for " blow [ ing ] the nation 's finances " . During the 1980s he was an active Conservative Party member , and he was a Conservative candidate for Islington Borough Council in 1986 in Tollington ward , and in 1990 in Hillrise ward . He bemoaned the Tories when they were in Opposition , criticising Michael Howard in particular : " I knew Michael Howard was going to be a disaster as soon as he opposed top up fees , either out of sentimentality or calculated expediency so that it might get him a bit of the student vote ... Instead of backing Tony Blair , causing revolution in the Labour Party , the Conservatives have been whoring after strange gods , coming up with increasingly strange policies .
Amira later invites Anthony for a meal at her family 's home , but it is awkward . When Derek Branning ( Jamie Foreman ) demands £ 4000 for some goods he asked Anthony and Tyler to sell , Anthony says he only has £ 3000 as he needed to pay some bills . He agrees to sell a necklace to get some of the money , but instead , he gives it to Amira . He then gambles the rest but loses it . Derek then asks Anthony and Tyler to either pay up or steal cable from the railway , otherwise he will break their legs .
He met a New Age spiritual advisor there , and on her advice , he followed her to Taos , New Mexico . There , he lived in a hostel and worked at a ski resort . Three months later , he moved to California to find more spiritual gurus . Gattis also moved to Wyoming , where he worked at Yellowstone National Park . Gattis decided to return to baseball in 2010 . His step brother , Drew Kendrick , was a college baseball player at the University of Texas of the Permian Basin . Brian Reinke , the coach of the Texas – Permian Basin Falcons , remembered Gattis from his high school career , and offered him a spot on the team .
Some hip hop purists feel the interpretive and softer approach means lyrical hip hop is not hip hop at all . From a purist perspective , dancing to the lyrics would make the choreography linear and too technical . This is because dancing to the words would take precedence over dancing to the beat . Traditionally in hip hop , dancing to the beat is essential ; lyrics can accent the movement , but the beat is the guiding force for the dancing . Other hip hop dancers , such as choreographer Shane Sparks , believe that lyrical hip hop is hip hop but not different enough for it to have a separate label or be in its own subgenre .
In 1910 , Alexandra became the first queen consort to visit the British House of Commons during a debate . In a remarkable departure from precedent , for two hours she sat in the Ladies ' Gallery overlooking the chamber while the Parliament Bill , a bill to remove the right of the House of Lords to veto legislation , was debated . Privately , Alexandra disagreed with the bill . Shortly afterward , she left to visit her brother , King George I of Greece , in Corfu . While there , she received news that King Edward was seriously ill .
The official developer kit was codenamed Durango , and appeared to be available to developers by mid 2012 . Leaked documents suggested that the new console would include an improved Kinect sensor , cloud access to games and media , integration with phone and tablet devices , and technology to provide players heads up displays on glasses worn by the player , codenamed " Fortaleza " ; Microsoft did not comment on these reported features . Similar , leaked design documents also suggested that Microsoft was seeking to eliminate the ability to play used games , though Microsoft later clarified they were still reviewing the design and were " thinking about what is next and how we can push the boundaries of technology like we did with Kinect " , but did not comment on the validity of the information .
Preliminary work on L.A. Noire began after the founding of developer Team Bondi in 2003 . Though Team Bondi oversaw development , work was shared between the core team and multiple other studios owned by publisher Rockstar Games . Unlike other games published by Rockstar , L.A. Noire uses a custom engine , which includes a combination of facial motion capture and animation software . The game also uses MotionScan to capture actor 's facial expressions . BBC News reporter Kev Geoghegan estimated that the development budget for the game exceeded US $ 50 million , making L.A. Noire one of the most expensive video games ever made .
Kahn was awarded the commission for the library in November 1965 . Kahn had already thought deeply about the proper design for a library , having earlier submitted proposals for a new library at Washington University . He also expressed a deep reverence for books , saying , " A book is tremendously important . Nobody ever paid the price of a book , they only paid for the printing " . Describing the book as an offering , Kahn said , " How precious a book is in light of the offering , in light of the one who has the privilege of the offering .
Many weapons available in previous installments of the series return with minor cosmetic and power alterations . Unlike previous installments , the player 's secondary weapon is visible on their player model , holstered or slung across the player 's back . Halo 3 introduces " support weapons " , which are cumbersome two handed weapons that slow the player , but offer greatly increased firepower in return . In addition to weapons , the game contains a new class of gear called equipment ; these items have various effects , ranging from defensive screens to shield regeneration and flares .
Claudio Bravo has the record of best unbeaten start in a season in La Liga history ( 754 minutes ) . Barcelona 's longest serving manager is Jack Greenwell , with nine years in two spells ( 1917 – 1924 ) and ( 1931 – 1933 ) , and Pep Guardiola is the club 's most successful manager ( 14 trophies in 4 years ) . The most successful Barcelona players are Andrés Iniesta and Messi ( 28 trophies ) , surpassing Xavi ( 25 trophies ) . Barcelona 's Camp Nou is the largest stadium in Europe . The club 's highest home attendance was 120,000 in a European Cup quarter final against Juventus on 3 March 1986 .
Its Japanese name is Yamiiro kunugitake ( ヤミイロクヌギタケ ) . According to Takahashi , the inamyloid spores , the diverticulate cap cuticle hyphae , and the dark pigment in the gill hyphae suggest that the fungus is best classified in the section Hiemales of the genus Mycena . Because of its medium sized , partly collybioid fruit bodies ( i.e. , small to medium sized with white spore prints and convex caps , similar to species once placed in the genus Collybia ) , the white cord like rhizomorphs , and its distinctly intervenose gills , it has an isolated position within the section .
He also testified that he had rejected several scripts because he thought they were " tinged with communist ideas " . Unlike some other witnesses , Cooper did not name any individuals during his testimony . Cooper was baptized in the Anglican Church in December 1911 in England , and was raised in the Episcopal Church in the United States . While he was never an observant Christian during his adult life , many of his friends believed he had a deeply spiritual side . On June 26 , 1953 , Cooper accompanied his wife and daughter , who were devout Catholics , to Rome , where they had an audience with Pope Pius XII .
On 14 August , one of Rowley 's ships , the 18 gun sloop HMS Otter , attacked a French brig at Rivière Noire District on Île de France . Although the attack was ultimately unsuccessful , Otter 's captain Nesbit Willoughby and his landing party were able to break into and out of the harbour without severe difficulties . This prompted Rowley to consider a larger scale operation against a more heavily fortified French position . Two months earlier , in the Action of 31 May 1809 , the French frigate Caroline had captured two East Indiamen , the Streatham and Europe in the Bay of Bengal .
" One film Babb presented in the 1950s was centered on an annual passion play and the story behind putting it on , filmed in 1948 in Lawton , Oklahoma . Initially called The Lawton Story and filmed in Cinecolor , the film was so cheaply , shoddily and quickly made that telephone poles could be seen behind the crucifix . Its cast consisted of local non professionals whose Oklahoma twangs were so thick that all of their lines had to re recorded by professional voice over actors ; upon release , one reviewer described it as " the only film that had to be dubbed from English to English .
While all locations for the first film had been within 10 minutes of the hotel , locations in the second were separated by a three hour flight and nine hour car journey . During filming in the Outback , the Australian crew provided two doctors and 40 litres of IV fluid , although the only point in which a doctor was called was when Buckley thought that he was having a heart attack , which was in reality indigestion from chips and lager . Beesley considered it " the maniac 's choice of a film to be your first film " .
Yamashiro had a stowage capacity of 4,000 long tons ( 4,100 t ) of coal and 1,000 long tons ( 1,000 t ) of fuel oil , giving her a range of 8,000 nautical miles ( 15,000 km ; 9,200 mi ) at a speed of 14 knots ( 26 km / h ; 16 mph ) . The ship exceeded her designed speed of 22.5 knots ( 41.7 km / h ; 25.9 mph ) during her sea trials , reaching 23.3 knots ( 43.2 km / h ; 26.8 mph ) at 47,730 shp ( 35,590 kW ) .
This is an example of " generalization " from prototypes : Erbaugh has proposed that when children learn count classifiers , they go through stages , first learning a classifier noun pair only ( such as 条鱼 tiáo yú , CL fish ) , then using that classifier with multiple nouns that are similar to the prototype ( such as other types of fish ) , then finally using that set of nouns to generalize a semantic feature associated with the classifier ( such as length and flexibility ) so that the classifier can then be used with new words that the person encounters .
In 2003 – 04 it began to move into the mainstream with Ladytron , the Postal Service , Cut Copy , the Bravery and The Killers all producing records that incorporated vintage synthesizer sounds and styles that contrasted with the dominant genres of post grunge and nu metal . In particular , The Killers enjoyed considerable airplay and exposure and their debut album Hot Fuss ( 2004 ) reached the top ten of the Billboard 200 . The Killers , the Bravery and the Stills all left their synthpop sound behind after their debut albums and began to explore classic 1970s rock , but the style was picked up by a large number of performers , particularly female solo artists .
It ranked as the third most successful film of 1991 in North America , surpassed only by the summer blockbusters Terminator 2 : Judgment Day and Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves . At the time Beauty and the Beast was the most successful animated Disney film release , and the first animated film to reach $ 100 million in North America . In its IMAX re release , it earned $ 25,487,190 in North America and $ 5,546,156 in other territories for a worldwide total of $ 31,033,346 . It also earned $ 9,818,365 from its 3D re release overseas .
A week later , she was escorting the battleship Valiant which was covering Convoy NP1 , the first troop convoy to Norway , as the Allies began to execute Plan R 4 after the German invasion on 9 April . The convoy entered the Andfjorden on the morning of 15 April en route to make their landings at Harstad , but paused there after reports of a German submarine on the surface inside the Vågsfjorden were received . Fearless , the destroyer Brazen , and the trawler Amethyst were ordered into the Vågsfjorden to investigate . Fearless 's ASDIC found a submarine and the ship dropped five depth charges near U 49 .
From 1938 , some of the locomotives were painted in a semi matt Malachite Green finish when Bulleid replaced Maunsell as CME of the Southern . During the war years , the locomotives were painted in wartime black livery , though retained the word " Southern " in yellow on the tender . After the war , the livery was reverted to the Southern Railway Malachite Green standard with " Sunshine Yellow " lining on the boiler rings . Numbers allocated to the locomotives were a variation of LSWR practice and , being constructed at Eastleigh , were given the prefix " E " before the number to distinguish from the locomotives of other pre grouping railway companies that also carried the same number .
The second generation Palladian architect Henry Flitcroft has been suggested ; by 1746 he was the master carpenter at three London palaces , and his St Giles in the Fields at Holborn was London 's first Palladian style church . James Gibbs has also been suggested , as the spire of St Lawrence 's is similar to that of St Martin in the Fields in the City of Westminster , London . Sir Howard Colvin tentatively attributes the church to Roger Morris . The church is of blocks of Kentish ragstone with dressed ashlar Wealden sandstone used for the porch columns , quoins and tower .
The episode also stars Pamela Hayden and Tress MacNeille , and Phil Hartman as lawyer Lionel Hutz . Roger Meyers , Sr. being cryogenically frozen is a reference to the myth that Walt Disney was frozen . When Roger Meyers Jr. pleads his case in court , he mentions that several animated television series and characters were " plagiarized " from other series and characters : " Animation is built on plagiarism ! If it weren 't for someone plagiarizing The Honeymooners , we wouldn 't have The Flintstones . If someone hadn 't ripped off Sergeant Bilko , there 'd be no Top Cat .
Thirty seven countries - an unprecedented 39 % of the participating nations - won at least one medal in these Games . The idea to hold an inter continental sporting event between Asia and Africa was initiated in April 1983 , with New Delhi as the proposed venue . However , for unknown circumstances , the venue was shifted to Kuwait and the Games were proposed to be held in 1985 . Political instability led to the cancellation of the Games . In 1989 , the proposal was reconsidered , with New Delhi again chosen as the venue for the Games .
The foreign language offerings are French , German , Spanish , Mandarin , and Latin . Students may also enroll concurrently at local universities and the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts ( NOCCA ) . The school is within walking distance of the UNO library , and students can obtain library cards through a " special borrowers " program . According to CBS News , Ben Franklin is " one of the best public high schools in the country — a magnet for the city 's smart and motivated students . " Approximately 99.5 % of each graduating class enters a four year college .
The Astrophysical Journal 708 ( 2 ) : 1162 – 1167. arXiv : 0906.2193 . Bibcode : 2010ApJ ... 708.1162K. doi : 10.1088 / 0004 637X / 708 / 2 / 1162 . Kite , Edwin S. ; Manga , Michael ; Gaidos , Eric ( 2008 ) . " Geodynamics and Rate of Volcanism on Massive Earth like Planets " . The Astrophysical Journal 700 ( 2 ) : 1732 – 1749. arXiv : 0809.2305 . Bibcode : 2009ApJ ... 700.1732K. doi : 10.1088 / 0004 637X / 700 / 2 / 1732 . Jackson , Brian ; Barnes , Rory ; Greenberg , Richard ( 2008 ) .
Even though the name of the language which was developed by these Tamil Sangams is mentioned as Tamil , the exact period when the name " Tamil " came to be applied to the language is unclear , as is the precise etymology of the name . The earliest attested use of the name is found in Tholkappiyam , which is dated as early as 1st century BC . Southworth suggests that the name comes from tam miḻ > tam iḻ ' self speak ' , or ' one 's own speech ' . ( see Southworth 's derivation of Sanskrit term for " others " or Mleccha ) Kamil Zvelebil suggests an etymology of tam iḻ , with tam meaning " self " or " one 's self " , and " -iḻ " having the connotation of " unfolding sound " .
The re purposed zoo opened on October 5 , 1993 under the rubric " Prospect Park Wildlife Conservation Center " . The Zoological Society hoped that the new name would suggest that the ' Wildlife Conservation Center ' was far more than a mere ' zoo ' ; it was indeed a facility designed to preserve animal species . This name change coincided with the renaming of the zoological society to the ' Wildlife Conservation Society ' . The programs of the new center were geared toward educating children . Classrooms for the Discovery Center were housed in a dedicated building on the north wing of the zoo .
Following its incorporation , the library was relocated from Literary Hall to two rear adjoining rooms on the second story of the Hampshire County Courthouse . The association continued to house its library collection in the courthouse until 1967 , when the new Hampshire County Public Library building at 153 West Main Street was formally dedicated on September 28 , 1967 . The library had been built on land donated by sisters Kate and Mary Davis , who had been engaged in the restoration of Literary Hall and whose father , Charles Maurice Davis , had been a member of both the Romney Literary Society and the Clinton Lodge Masons , which had both held meetings in the building .
Bauhaus was one of the formative gothic rock bands . Others , like Gang of Four , the Raincoats and Throbbing Gristle , who had little more than cult followings at the time , are seen in retrospect as significant influences on modern popular culture . A number of U.S. artists were retrospectively defined as post punk ; Television 's debut album Marquee Moon , released in 1977 , is frequently cited as a seminal album in the field . The no wave movement that developed in New York in the late 1970s , with artists such as Lydia Lunch and James Chance , is often treated as the phenomenon 's U.S. parallel .
By 1900 , only a short stretch of the Detroit – Howell Plank Road was still made of planks ; most of the other plank roads had been converted to gravel by this time . On May 13 , 1913 , the Michigan Legislature passed the State Reward Trunk Line Highway Act ( Public Act 334 of 1913 ) that created the original state highway system . In that act , Grand River Avenue between Detroit and Grand Rapids was included as Division 9 of the system . The state highways were signposted starting in 1919 , and on the first maps published on July 1 of that year , the Michigan State Highway Department ( MSHD ) had applied the M 16 number to Grand River Avenue across the state between Grand Haven and Detroit .
Later that day , Dvorak classification began on the disturbance , and the convection continued to organize . Early on November 13 , the National Hurricane Center indicated the possibility of the system developing into a tropical depression . Thunderstorm activity briefly decreased , though late on November 13 the system acquired enough circulation and organized convection for it to be designated Tropical Depression Twenty One E while located about 460 miles ( 740 km ) south of Manzanillo , Mexico . Operationally , the depression was not upgraded until eleven hours later . Initially , the tropical depression tracked to the northwest , and was forecast to peak as a 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) tropical storm while continuing on a northwest motion .
In hindsight this was only a legalistic charade which had little chance of holding up in a court of law . In combination with secrecy as to the exact location of the wreck , it saved the project from interference . It was not until the passing of the Protection of Wrecks Act on 5 February 1973 that the Mary Rose was declared to be of national historic interest that enjoyed full legal protection from any disturbance by commercial salvage teams . Despite this , years after the passing of the 1973 act and the excavation of the ship , lingering conflicts with salvage legislation remained a threat to the Mary Rose project as " personal " finds such as chests , clothing and cooking utensils risked being confiscated and auctioned off .
" We sent him the script beforehand and he noted the script up pretty good . But it was all to make it more self deprecating . " Reed , a fan of Reynolds , said that working with him was a great experience . " It was such a surreal experience being in the room with Burt Reynolds , my childhood hero , " he affirmed . " Just hearing him read the stuff that I wrote , it was pretty great . " The episode title is a reference to the television series The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and the town of Jupiter , Florida , which is where Reynolds spent most of his childhood .
The Chaco Low attracts air masses from the South Pacific High , creating a dry and cold wind , particularly during winter . At the highest altitudes , westerly winds from the Pacific Ocean can penetrate during the winter months , leading to snowstorms . Precipitation is highly seasonal and mostly concentrated in the summer months . It is distributed irregularly owing to the country 's topography although it generally decreases from east to west . As moist air reaches the eastern slopes of the mountains , it rises and cools adiabatically , leading to the formation of clouds that generate copious amounts of rain .
Anne Brontë 's " Flossy , " given to her by the Robinson children when she left her governorship of them , was a King Charles Spaniel . In 1903 , the Kennel Club attempted to amalgamate the King James ( black and tan ) , Prince Charles ( tricolour ) , Blenheim and Ruby spaniels into a single breed called the Toy Spaniel . The Toy Spaniel Club , which oversaw those separate breeds , strongly objected , and the argument was only resolved following the intervention of King Edward VII , who made it clear that he preferred the name " King Charles Spaniel " .
By the mid 1960s , their marriage was in trouble due to Ted 's womanizing and Joan 's growing alcoholism . Kennedy was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar in 1959 . In 1960 , John ran for President of the United States and Ted managed his campaign in the Western states . Ted learned to fly and during the Democratic primary campaign he barnstormed around the western states , meeting with delegates and bonding with them by trying his hand at ski jumping and bronc riding . The seven weeks he spent in Wisconsin helped his brother win the first contested primary of the season there and a similar time spent in Wyoming was rewarded when a unanimous vote from that state 's delegates put his brother over the top at the 1960 Democratic National Convention .
The guns had a maximum elevation of only 12 ° . They fired 432 kilogram ( 952 lb ) armour piercing projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 783 m / s ( 2,570 ft / s ) at a rate of 1.5 – 2 rounds per minute . At maximum elevation , this provided a maximum range of only 13,500 m ( 14,800 yd ) . The guns were provided with 100 shells each . The ships ' secondary armament consisted of twenty two 138 mm Mle 1910 guns , mounted in casemates . The guns fired 39.5 kilogram ( 87 lb ) semi armour piercing shells at a muzzle velocity of 840 m / s ( 2,800 ft / s ) .
On 20 August 1942 he was posted to the Air Fighting Development Unit at RAF Duxford for a short time . MacLachlan flew as often as he could regardless of the activity . He flew as a co pilot in a Short Stirling heavy bomber and practiced fighter evasion techniques and then proceeded to fly 15 types of aircraft in 11 days . MacLachaln also flew Supermarine Spitfires , acting as an attacking fighter as well as the American made Bell P 39 Airacobra . MacLachlan also flew with the No. 1426 Flight RAF which operated captured German aircraft . He flew a Ju 88 , M2 + MK formerly of Küsten Flieger Gruppe 106 which force landed at RAF Chivenor in November 1941 .
Satellite imagery showed a banding type eye . However , by December 27 , Lee began to feel the effects of an extratropical cyclone located to the north of the storm ; consequently , Lee began to make a gradual turn towards the northwest . Lee began to encounter increased vertical wind shear , and early on December 27 , the JMA lowered the intensity of Lee to 105 km / h ( 65 mph ) . Later that day , a Hurricane Hunter investigation recorded a pressure of 998 mbar ( 29.5 inHg ) as the storm began to turn towards the north , exiting PAGASA 's warning zone .
On Stewart 's recommendation , Severn School , a private prep school in Maryland , hired him in 1930 . Brown spent two successful years at Severn . The team was undefeated in his first season and won the Maryland state championship . In 1931 , the team 's win loss tie record was 5 – 2 – 1 . Brown 's overall record was 12 – 2 – 1 . After his second year , Massillon 's head coaching job became available , and Brown took the position . Brown returned to Massillon in 1932 , when he was 24 years old and barely two years out of college .
Best known for his distinctive supporting and character roles Hoffman was a regular presence in films from the early 1990s until his death at age 46 . Drawn to theater as a teenager , Hoffman studied acting at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts . He began his screen career in a 1991 episode of Law & Order and started to appear in films in 1992 . He gained recognition for his supporting work throughout the decade , notably in Boogie Nights ( 1997 ) , Happiness ( 1998 ) , The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) , Magnolia ( 1999 ) , and The Talented Mr. Ripley ( 1999 ) .
Apart from the manga and anime , Mukuro has also appeared in other media from the Reborn ! franchise including video games and novels . Mukuro 's character has been well received by readers since his introduction , ranking as one of the most popular characters in every official Shonen Jump poll of the series . Also , his and Kyoya Hibari 's character CD entitled " Sakura addiction " , peaked at seventh place on the Oricon charts . Their performance earned each of their voice actors a Seiyu Awards ' nomination for " Best Musical Performance " , in addition to Toshinobu Iida being nominated as the " Best Rookie Actor " for his portrayal as Mukuro Rokudo .
Marchant devised a signal system , such as a head bump on Browne 's hip , or even a verbal shout when the opposition made a move . Ten nations were entered in the tandem competition , and in the first round , they were drawn with Germany and South Africa , who fielded their silver medallist pairing of Tom Shardelow and Ray Robinson from the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki . The Australians made their move too early and led at the ringing of the bell at the start of the last lap , but they were overhauled well before the line as they faded in the final straight .
The tight schedule proved a challenge to the six companies responsible for the extensive visual effects , which included computer generated sets and digital doubles for the actors . Locations included Oxford , the Mojave desert and Georgia , with soundstage work done in both Pinewood Studios and the 20th Century Fox stages in Los Angeles . The depiction of the 1960s drew inspiration from the James Bond films of the period . First Class was a box office success , becoming the seventh highest grossing in the film series , and received positive reviews from critics and audiences , who praised the fresh revival of the franchise as well as the acting , writing , directing and Henry Jackman 's score .
Immediately he set out to meet them , engaged their army and comprehensively defeated it , before going on to capture the enemy camp . It was to be his last victory . Despite his successes , Mundhir was accused by Maurice of treason during the preceding campaign . Maurice claimed that Mundhir had revealed the Byzantine plan to the Persians , who then proceeded to destroy the bridge over the Euphrates . The chronicler John of Ephesus explicitly calls this assertion a lie , as the Byzantine intentions must have been plain to the Persian commanders . Both Maurice and Mundhir wrote letters to Emperor Tiberius , who tried to reconcile them .
The system had a broad circulation , and initially moved slowly to the east southeast . It developed due to an increase in the Madden – Julian oscillation ( MJO ) , which moved eastward across the Indian Ocean . The same system spawned a disturbance in the northern Indian Ocean that later struck Oman as a tropical cyclone . Such simultaneous systems in opposite hemispheres occasionally occur in the spring or autumn ; in May 2002 , the powerful MJO pulse produced two such sets of storms , later producing a set in the eastern Indian Ocean that became a deep depression that struck Myanmar and Tropical Storm Errol to the southwest of Indonesia .
On lap three , the first caution was given when Robby Gordon made contact with Petty , forcing him to spin sideways . Kenny Wallace also made contact with Ricky Rudd , but escaped with minor damage . None of the drivers made pit stops during the caution . Jeff Gordon led the field back up to speed at the restart . Jeremy Mayfield made contact with the wall on lap nine , and suffered a flat front right tire . Five laps later , a collision involving Dave Blaney , Michael Waltrip and Dale Jarrett prompted the second caution .
The Kačić 's family can be traced to the Pacta conventa , an agreement dating from 1102 ( or later ) , according to which the Kačićs were one of the twelve Croatian noble tribes ( genus ) who accepted the Hungarian king Coloman as the new king of Croatia . They were represented by comes Juraj Kačić ( Comittem Gurram de genere Chaçittorum ) . According to the Supetar Cartulary , they were one of six tribes which selected bans who , in turn , elected a new king in a case where the prior king died without leaving heirs .
In 1505 Jean II was killed by his brother Lucien . Jean II was succeeded by his brother Lucien I. Peace did not reign in Monaco for long ; in December 1506 14,000 Genoese troops besieged Monaco and its castle , and for five months 1,500 Monégasques and mercenaries defended the Rocher before achieving victory in March 1507 . This left Lucien I to walk a diplomatic tightrope between France and Spain in order to preserve the fragile independence of the tiny state which was in truth subject to Spain . Lucien immediately set about repairing the ravages of war to the fortified palace which had been damaged by heavy bombardment .
On other occasions , he said his interest in homosexual and bisexual culture had been more a product of the times and the situation in which he found himself than of his own feelings . Blender asked Bowie in 2002 whether he still believed his public declaration was his biggest mistake . After a long pause , he said , " it was a lot tougher [ here ] in America [ than in Europe ] . I had no problem with people knowing I was bisexual . But I had no inclination to hold any banners nor be a representative of any group of people " .
Globally , acne affects approximately 650 million people , or about 9.4 % of the population , as of 2010 . It affects nearly 90 % of people in Western societies during their teenage years , and may persist into adulthood . Acne after the age of 25 affects 54 % of women and 40 % of men . Acne vulgaris has a lifetime prevalence of 85 % . About 20 % of those affected have moderate or severe cases . It is slightly more common in females than males ( 9.8 % versus 9.0 % ) . In those over 40 years old , 1 % of males and 5 % of females still have problems .
The NES version was released by Nintendo in North America in March 1987 and in Europe on October 15 , 1987 . Slalom was Rare 's first video game developed as a new company . It was also the Stamper brothers ' first video game console release . The game 's music was composed by Rare 's video game composer David Wise , his first NES composing job . In a December 2010 interview , Wise said that he found the NES sound board work challenging . He had to first code the HEX values for each note by hand before converting them into subroutines with a computer .
After he handed his information to the Slovakian Jewish Council in April 1944 , Vrba said Krasniansky had assured him that the report was in the right hands . Vrba and Wetzler spent the next six weeks in Liptovský Mikuláš , and continued to make and distribute copies of their report whenever they could . The Slovak Judenrat gave Vrba papers in the name of Rudolf Vrba , showing that he was a " pure Aryan " going back three generations , and supported him financially to the tune of 200 Slovak crowns a week , equivalent to an average worker 's salary , and as Vrba wrote , " sufficient to sustain me in an illegal life in Bratislava .
Russell , who had a difficult relationship with the media , was not present at either event . After retiring as a player , Russell had stints as head coach of the Seattle SuperSonics ( 1973 to 1977 ) and Sacramento Kings ( 1987 to 1988 ) . His time as a coach was lackluster ; although he led the struggling SuperSonics into the playoffs for the first time in franchise history , Russell 's defensive , team oriented Celtics mindset did not mesh well with the team , and he left in 1977 with a 162 – 166 record .
As the group travels to Kuldahar , they meet a drow ( dark elf ) named Nym , who tells them that the pass to Kuldahar is guarded by the Legion of the Chimera , and that an alternate path through the Underdark exists . Later , Isair and Madae locate the group with information from Nym . They state their intention to attack Kuldahar , and warn the group to not interfere . The group then passes through the Black Raven Monastery to enter the Underdark . After exiting the Underdark , they are flown to Kuldahar by Oswald Fiddlebender .
Marble Madness was developed by Atari Games , with Mark Cerny as the lead designer and Bob Flanagan as the software engineer . Both Cerny and Flanagan handled programming the game . It uses the Atari System 1 hardware , an interchangeable system of circuit boards , control panels , and artwork . The game features pixel graphics on a 19 inch Electrohome G07 model CRT monitor , and uses a Motorola 68010 central processing unit ( CPU ) with a MOS Technology 6502 subsystem to control the audio and coin operations . Marble Madness was Atari 's first game to use an FM sound chip produced by Yamaha , which is similar to a Yamaha DX7 synthesizer and creates the music in real time so that it is in synchronization with the game 's on screen action .
The single 's music video was filmed at the Brooklyn Academy of Music during the fall of 1998 . The video begins with Houston entering a small arena as she begins to sing the song 's first verse . As she finishes her part , Carey appears on the stage as well , performing the second verse and chorus . The video is set in a dark studio accented by Egyptian settings , backdrops , and scenes inspired by The Prince of Egypt . An audience is on hand to emulate a concert like setting , cheering on both singers .
The 1950 version was designed by Ivan Dubasov , a People 's Artist of the USSR . Article 119 of the Constitution of the Byelorussian SSR defines the design of the emblem . On May 14 , 1995 , a referendum was conducted in all regions of Belarus . Out of four questions , one was the following : " Do you support the introduction of the new national symbols ? " With a voter turnout of 64.7 % , the new state symbols were approved by a ratio of 3 : 1 ( 75.1 % to 24.9 % ) .
" On July 10 , 2014 , House of Cards earned thirteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations for the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards . Among its nominations were Outstanding Drama Series , Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for Kevin Spacey , Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Robin Wright , Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for Beau Willimon and Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for Carl Franklin . The second season was also nominated for several 66th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards , including Kate Mara for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series and Reg E. Cathey for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series .
Shocked by this information , he did not return to North Africa but went into hiding in Italy instead . Only after the Gestapo established his whereabouts and pressured him did he return to his Geschwader . Further research by other biographers has unearthed some truth to this story and his attitude to the ruling Nazi movement . Marseille demonstrated his lack of respect for the Nazi elite during his visit to Germany in June – August 1942 . Marseille was a gifted pianist and was invited to play a piece at the home of Willy Messerschmitt , an industrialist and designer of the Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighter Marseille had achieved so much success in .
Feldman underwent reconstructive elbow surgery for a torn ulnar collateral ligament in October 2003 . In his four appearances in 2004 for the Arizona League Rangers in the Arizona League , he pitched seven scoreless innings . He began the 2005 season with the Single A Bakersfield Blaze , but after nine scoreless innings in relief was quickly promoted to the Double A Frisco RoughRiders . On July 28 , 2005 , Feldman and two teammates threw a perfect game against the Corpus Christi Hooks . It was the first combined nine inning perfect game in Texas League history , and the third overall .
Both 75 millimeter ( 3.0 in ) anti aircraft ( AA ) guns and two 47 millimeter guns were replaced by four 75 mm AA guns mounted on the forward superstructure . A Vickers fire control director replaced the experimental model and it was equipped with a 3.66 meter ( 12 ft 0 in ) rangefinder . Two additional 2 meter ( 6 ft 7 in ) rangefinders were installed , one on each side of the superstructure , to control the 138 mm guns . Bretagne became flagship of the Mediterranean Fleet in mid June 1921 and the ship accompanied Provence to Le Havre for a naval review , and were back in Toulon in September .
On tour in 2000 and 2001 , the band learned how to perform the electronic music live , combining synthetic sounds with conventional rock instrumentation . Songwriter Thom Yorke said : " Even with electronics , there is an element of spontaneous performance in using them . It was the tension between what 's human and what 's coming from the machines . That was stuff we were getting into . " He stated that Radiohead did not want to make a " big creative leap or statement " with their next album . In early 2002 , after the Amnesiac tour had finished , Yorke sent his bandmates CDs containing demos of songs he was considering for Radiohead 's sixth album .
The following day , the Government of Mexico discontinued the warning for the Islas Marías and the watch for areas south of El Roblito was also discontinued . Upon the storm 's sudden dissipation later that day , the remaining watch areas were discontinued . On June 19 , 2.44 in ( 62 mm ) of rain fell in Mazatlán , near where the remnants of the depression moved ashore . Rainfall rates in the region exceeded 1 in / h ( 25 mm / h ) at times . High winds in Mazatlán knocked down several trees , cutting power to local residents .
The building was identified as having attributes valued by the community , including quality architecture , local ownership , and orientation to the street . In its 2005 review of the theater , The Portland Mercury said the " glut of cozy sofas make an outing comfortable " , but criticized the venue for having only one screen and for showing predominantly heterosexual films . The publication said that the venue was " [ m ] ore like an actual cinema than a circle jerk ( though chicken choking is not unheard of ) .... The [ theater ] is much less creepy than most of its kind — there 's even bicycle parking indoors .
In 1905 Americus was standing at stud in Ireland , but spent the years 1906 and 1907 in Italy . He returned to Ireland in 1908 and 1909 , but in 1909 was sold and exported to Germany . It is unknown what happened to him after he went to Germany . At some point before his disappearance in Germany , he also stood at stud in Belgium . Americus died at the Trakehnen Stud in Germany in March 1910 . In his breeding career , Americus sired Americus Girl , the dam of Lady Josephine by Sundridge . Lady Josephine was in turn the dam of Mumtaz Mahal , later owned by the Aga Khan and a famous broodmare .
A search in the genomes of vertebrates revealed a set of analogous genes , which were found to play similar roles in the mouse biological clock — and therefore almost certainly in the human biological clock as well . Studies done on Drosophila , also show that most neuropil regions of the brain are continuously reorganized throughout life in response to specific living conditions . The nematode worm Caenorhabditis elegans , like Drosophila , has been studied largely because of its importance in genetics . In the early 1970s , Sydney Brenner chose it as a model organism for studying the way that genes control development .
From July 1918 were part of North Persia Force ( Dunsterforce ) and ended the war in Baku , Azerbaijan . 8th ( Service ) Battalion – formed in 1914 . Served in France 1915 – 1918 ; 9th ( Service ) Battalion ( Pioneers ) – formed as a service battalion in 1914 . Became a pioneer battalion in 1915 . Served in France and Belgium 1915 – 1919 ; 10th ( Reserve ) Battalion – formed as a service battalion in 1914 . Became a reserve battalion in 1915 . Renamed as 3rd Training Reserve Battalion of 1st Reserve Brigade in 1916 ; 11th ( Reserve ) Battalion – formed as a service battalion in 1914 .
The game was released for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Nintendo Wii consoles , as well as the Nintendo DS and iOS portable devices . A version was initially developed for the PlayStation Portable , but was cancelled for undisclosed reasons . The Force Unleashed II was released in North America on October 26 , 2010 , and in Europe on October 29 , 2010 . Haden Blackman served as a writer for the sequel . In crafting the dialogue of The Force Unleashed II , Blackman sought influence from Darksiders ( 2010 ) , as well as other video games such as Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( 2009 ) and Heavy Rain ( 2010 ) .
Featuring additional lead vocals by Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno , the song was written by Arjona , who produced it with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage name Los Gringos . Additional work on the recording was done by Puerto Rican singer songwriter Tommy Torres . Lyrically , " Fuiste Tú " rounds the concept of recreating " the battle on a couple when someone starts to say ' is the beginning of the end ' " . The song became the second consecutive single from Independiente to reach the top ten in the US Billboard Top Latin Songs , and the second single from the album to top both the Latin Pop Songs and Tropical Songs charts .
" article " is defined within Section 1 as anything containing material that is read or looked at , any sound recordings and any film or other picture record . A publisher , as used in the Act , is also defined in Section 1 ; " publisher " is taken to mean anyone who " distributes , circulates , sells , lets on hire , gives , or lends it , or who offers it for sale or for letting on hire " , or " in the case of an article containing or embodying matter to be looked at or a record , shows , plays or projects it " .
The Japanese Army and navy made immediate plans to move the rest of the 38th Division to the island , along with the 51st Infantry Division , to try a further offensive against Henderson Field in November 1942 . The Japanese again planned to bombard Henderson Field with battleships in order to allow a convoy of transport ships to deliver the 38th 's troops and heavy equipment . In contrast , however , to what occurred on 14 October , this time the U.S. Navy moved to intercept the battleship forces sent by Yamamoto from Truk to shell the airfield .
This is probably because the individuals concerned allocate resources in response to the parasitism which are then not available for reproduction . Spinochordodes tellinii and Paragordius tricuspidatus are parasitic worms that infect grasshoppers and alter the behaviour of their hosts . The grasshopper is persuaded to leap into a nearby body of water where it drowns , thus enabling the parasite to continue with the next stage of its life cycle which takes place in water . The grasshopper nematode ( Mermis nigrescens ) is a long slender worm that infests grasshoppers , living in the insect 's hemocoel . Adult worms lay eggs on plants and the host gets infected when it eats the foliage .
The composition is based on " Son of a Gambolier " , composed by Charles Ives in 1895 , the lyrics of which are based on an old English and Scottish drinking song of the same name . It first appeared in print in the 1908 Blueprint , Georgia Tech 's yearbook . The song was later sung by the Georgia Tech Glee Club on The Ed Sullivan Show in 1953 , and by Richard Nixon and Nikita Khrushchev during the 1959 Kitchen Debate . " Ramblin ' Wreck " is played after every Georgia Tech score in a football game , directly after a field goal or safety , and preceded by " Up With the White and Gold " after a touchdown .
The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , called it " one of the most disturbing episodes , as Bart and Lisa are dragged into the Flanders ' sinister lifestyle . " They thought the ending , when Ned tries to baptize the children , was " nail biting stuff " , and Maggie 's second first word was " a truly shocking moment " . The authors added : " It 's astonishing that anything this radical made it on to prime time television .
) Over the period from 2011 to 2014 the ACLU Foundation , on the average , has accounted for roughly 70 % of the combined budget , and the ACLU roughly 30 % . The ACLU solicits donations to its charitable foundation . The ACLU is accredited by the Better Business Bureau , and the Charity Navigator has ranked the ACLU with a four star rating . The local affiliates solicit their own funding ; however , some also receive funds from the national ACLU , with the distribution and amount of such assistance varying from state to state . At its discretion , the national organization provides subsidies to smaller affiliates that lack sufficient resources to be self sustaining ; for example , the Wyoming ACLU chapter received such subsidies until April 2015 , when , as part of a round of layoffs at the national ACLU , the Wyoming office was closed .
A seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois was vacant ; President Theodore Roosevelt offered it to Lowden , who declined it and recommended Landis . Other recommendations from Illinois politicians followed , and Roosevelt nominated Landis for the seat . According to Spink , President Roosevelt wanted " a tough judge and a man sympathetic with his viewpoint in that important court " ; Lowden and Landis were , like Roosevelt , on the progressive left of the Republican Party . On March 18 , 1905 , Roosevelt transmitted the nomination to the Senate , which confirmed Landis the same afternoon , without any committee hearing .
It was believed that it would be a sin to marry after puberty . Another practice , which is prevalent today , is the dowry system where the bride 's family is supposed to give the husband a huge payment for the bride . The purpose of this was to assist the newly wedded couple financially , but in many instances dowries were misused by bridegrooms . The outcome of this abuse turned to the exploitation of the bride 's parents wealth , and in certain circumstances , lead to dowry deaths . There have been hundreds of thousands of cases where wives have been murdered , mutilated , and burned alive because the father of the bride was unable to make the dowry payment to the husband .
Citing concern over the lack of available gunfire to support amphibious operations , Congress demanded that the United States Navy reinstate two battleships to the naval vessel register and maintain them with the mothball fleet , until the Navy could certify it had gunfire support within the current fleet that would meet or exceed the battleship 's capability . The debate over battleships in the modern navy continued until 2006 , when the two reinstated battleships were stricken after naval officials submitted a two part plan that called for the near term goal of increasing the range of the guns currently in use on the Flight I Arleigh Burke class destroyers with specially designed ammunition intended to allow a five inch projectile fired from these guns to travel an estimated 40 nautical miles ( 70 km ) inland .
One of Admiral Hipper 's Arado seaplanes had to make an emergency landing in Eide , Norway on 8 April . After trying to purchase fuel from locals , the aircrew were detained and handed over to the police . The Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service captured the Arado , which was painted in Norwegian colors and used by the Norwegians until 18 April when it was evacuated to Britain . After arriving off Trondheim , Admiral Hipper successfully passed herself off as a British warship long enough to steam past the Norwegian coastal artillery batteries . The ship entered the harbor and docked shortly before 05 : 30 to debark the mountain troops .
On 4 March 2016 , Iommi discussed future re releases of the Tony Martin era catalogue . He explained : " We 've held back on the reissues of those albums because of the current Sabbath thing with Ozzy Osbourne , but they will certainly be happening ... I 'd like to do a couple of new tracks for those releases with Tony Martin ... I 'll also be looking at working on Cross Purposes and Forbidden . " Martin has suggested that this could coincide with the 30th anniversary of The Eternal Idol , in 2017 . Black Sabbath are a heavy metal band , whose music has also been described as psychedelic rock , blues rock , hard rock , progressive rock , proto progressive metal , and acid rock .
Collins ran 0.04 seconds faster than Christian , while Mauritius ' Stephen Buckland ran 0.11 seconds slower . Christian did not advance to the final round . James Grayman competed in the Beijing Olympics as Antigua and Barbuda 's sole high jumper , where he participated in the second qualifying heat on August 17 against athletes that included Brazil 's Jesse Lima and the Czech Republic 's Tomas Janku . Grayman cleared a 2.20 meter height on his second attempt , placing behind tenth place heat finalist Dmytro Dem 'yanyuk of the Ukraine , who made the height on his first try , and eleventh place heat finalist Linus Thörnblad of Sweden , who also made the height on his second attempt , but had fewer overall misses than Grayman .
It ranks as the 36th highest grossing film of all time in the U.S. and Canada . The popularity of Lautner and his cast members continued to summit , especially via the " Team Edward vs. Team Jacob " campaign that promoted the film . Lautner 's fanbase also began to expand to older audiences . Lautner won Best Fantasy Actor at the 2010 Scream Awards , and he is nominated for Favorite Movie Actor for his role in Eclipse at the 37th People 's Choice Awards . On November 2010 The Hollywood Reporter named Lautner as one of the young male actors who are " pushing – or being pushed " into taking over Hollywood as the new " A List " .
The most recent new members , Albania and Croatia , joined on 1 April 2009 , prior to the 2009 Strasbourg – Kehl summit . In 2011 , NATO officially recognized four aspiring members : Bosnia and Herzegovina , Georgia , Macedonia , and Montenegro . Macedonia has been prevented from joining the alliance by Greece , one effect of the Macedonian naming dispute , while Montenegro 's membership is in the process of being ratified by current members . Future expansion is currently a topic of debate in several countries outside the alliance , and countries like Sweden , Finland and Serbia have open political debate on the topic of membership , while in countries like Ukraine , support and opposition to membership is tied to ethnic and nationalist ideologies .
Following Foote 's departure , the society selected Professor E. J. Meany to head the Romney Classical Institute . Despite the schism , the society also provided financial support from the lottery to the Potomac Seminary . According to a " catalogue of the members and library " published on June 1 , 1849 , there were 20 registered members on the rolls who paid $ 3 each per year to the society 's library fund ; there were also eight library members who were admitted under certain regulations of the society and who paid the same fees . Members who had use of the library were provided keys and were allowed access to the library at any time .
Neither the 1st Army Group nor the Hungarians were ready for full scale fighting , as they were still mobilising and deploying their forces . On 9 April , due to German successes elsewhere in Yugoslavia , the 6th Army on the right flank of the 2nd Army Group was ordered to withdraw south of the Danube and deploy on a line facing east to defend against an attack from the direction of Sofia , Bulgaria . 2nd Army Group also received orders to withdraw south of the line of the Drava and Danube . 1st Army began to withdraw , and on the same day elements were approaching the Danube crossing .
Between two slender consonants , it is advanced even further , to a centralized vowel ( IPA [ üː ] ) : ciúin [ cüːnʲ ] ( ' quiet ' ) . The near close vowels / ɪ / and / ʊ / show a similar pattern . / ɪ / is realized between slender consonants as a front [ i ̞ ] , e.g. tigh [ tʲi ̞ ɟ ] ( ' house ' dat . ) . After a slender consonant and before a broad one , it is a near front [ ɪ ] , e.g. giota [ ˈɟɪt ̪ ˠə ] ( ' piece ' ) .
Under the Local Government ( Wales ) Act 1994 , Dyfed was abolished on 1 April 1996 and Carmarthenshire was re established as a county . The three districts united to form a unitary authority which had the same boundaries as the traditional county of Carmarthenshire . In 2003 , the Clynderwen community council area was transferred to the administrative county of Pembrokeshire . Before the Industrial Revolution , Carmarthen used to be the most populous town in Wales . In 1931 , the county 's population was 171,445 and in 1951 , 164,800 . At the census in 2011 , Carmarthenshire had a population of 183,777 .
He coached without using a lot of yelling and screaming . Oosterbaan motivated his players without using sarcasm or losing his temper , and rarely used locker room pep talks . Oosterbaan resigned as the head football coach in 1958 . At the time , he said : " The pressure finally got to me . Not the kind that comes from outside . Not from my bosses or the fans . I mean the pressure that builds up inside a head coach whether he wins or loses . " After Oosterbaan quit as football coach he was succeeded by Bump Elliott .
Urquiza , president of the Confederation , issued the ' law of differential rights ' , benefiting the ships trading with the ports of the Confederation and but not with Buenos Aires . The end of the civil wars provided the political and legal stability necessary to assert property rights and cut transaction costs , contributing to the huge inflows of capital and labour resources that built modern Argentina . In 1866 an attempt was made to stabilize the currency , by introducing a system of convertibility , which restricted the monetary authorities to issue paper currency only if it was fully backed by gold or convertible foreign currency .
Avory left the band , and Henrit was brought in to take his place . Ray Davies , who was still on amiable terms with Avory , invited him to manage Konk Studios . Avory accepted , and continued to serve as a producer and occasional contributor on later Kinks albums . Between the completion of Return to Waterloo and Avory 's departure , the band had begun work on Word of Mouth , their final Arista album , released in November 1984 . As a result it features Avory on three tracks , with Henrit and a drum machine on the rest .
While several early cases employed the " intangible right to honest government , " United States v. States ( 8th Cir . 1973 ) was the first case to rely on honest services fraud as the sole basis for a conviction . The prosecution of state and local political corruption became a " major federal law enforcement priority " in the 1970s . United States v. Addonizio ( 3d Cir . 1971 ) and United States v. Kenny ( 3d Cir . 1972 ) — both brought by U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey , Herbert Jay Stern ( later a federal judge ) — were the first prosecution of political corruption pursuant to the economic fear prong and the " under color of official right " prong of the Hobbs Act , respectively .
Oliver also said that while the episode did " very little " to advance the season storyline significantly , there were " some significant " developments and revelations in it . TV Verdict 's Stephen Lackey said the episode was " fast paced " and featured " one exciting twist after another " . The episode also received some criticism . Dan Compora of Airlock Alpha said after a run of " several strong " episodes , Lost " has slipped into mediocrity . While none of the recent episodes have been bad , they haven 't been anything special .
Khalid and Qa 'qa flung the gate open and the remainder of Khalid 's men entered the city . An intense battle ensued . When Thomas saw that the rest of the army did not move from the other gates , he assumed first that only Khalid 's army had entered the city and second that the other corps commanders were unaware of this sudden attack . Muslim practice was specific : if a city surrendered , the inhabitants would be spared , but if a city resisted , the resisters would be killed . Thomas tried to save Damascus for one last time .
For the punting unit , despite allowing 64- and 65 yard returns against Seattle and Minnesota , opposing return teams recorded 7.5 yards , 14th in the NFL . Sherrick McManis led the special teams unit in tackles with eleven . On December 22 , the rosters for the 2016 Pro Bowl were announced , with no Bears players making it for the first time since 1998 . However , on January 14 , 2016 , Kyle Long was named as an alternate for Eagles lineman Jason Peters , marking his third consecutive Pro Bowl appearance . On January 7 , Eddie Goldman and Adrian Amos were named to Mel Kiper , Jr .
On May 30 , 2013 , technical rehearsals for the ride officially began . On June 20 , 2013 , the ride officially opened to the general public . Transformers : The Ride 3D celebrated its One Millionth Rider in August 2013 . The ride system used on Transformers : The Ride is similar to that used by The Amazing Adventures of Spider Man at Islands of Adventure in Orlando , Florida , and later at Universal Studios Japan . The ride vehicles , developed by Oceaneering International , are mounted to a track roaming platform that provides the forward motion to move the vehicle through each show scene .
He carried out a flanking manoeuvre through a pass judged by the Germans to be impenetrable , rendering the Mareth position untenable and forcing the Axis into another retreat . Three Italian divisions were destroyed , and the German 15th Panzer Division , 21st Panzer Division and 164th Division were heavily depleted . Horrocks was then transferred to the First Army to take over IX Corps after its previous commander , Lieutenant General John T. Crocker , was wounded in a training accident . He led this corps in the final Allied offensive in Tunisia during April and May 1943 , capturing Tunis and accepting the surrender of the remnants of Rommel 's Army Group Africa .
The objectives of the fedayeen were articulated in the statements and literature they produced , which were consistent with reference to the aim of destroying Zionism . In 1970 , the stated aim of the fedayeen was establishing Palestine as " a secular , democratic , nonsectarian state . " Robert Freedman writes that for some fedayeen groups , the secular aspect of the struggle was " merely a slogan for assuaging world opinion , " while others strove " to give the concept meaningful content . " Prior to 1974 , the fedayeen position was that any Jew who renounced Zionism could remain in the Palestinian state to be created .
The entire side of the Prince Consort class ships , from the upper deck level downwards , was protected by wrought iron armour that tapered from 3 inches ( 76 mm ) at the ends to 4.5 inches ( 114 mm ) amidships . The armour extended 5 feet 6 inches ( 1.7 m ) below the waterline . One small conning tower was fitted on each side of the upper deck amidships , but these proved to be untenable when the ship 's guns were fired . The armour was backed by the sides of the ship which were 29.5 inches ( 749 mm ) thick .
The seizure of these cities also enraged the Aetolians , as both were members of the Aetolian League . The alliance between Aetolia and Macedon was held together only by the Aetolians ' fear of Philip , and this incident worsened the already tenuous relationship . Philip next compelled the cities of Lysimachia and Chalcedon , which were also members of the Aetolian League , to break off their alliance with Aetolia probably through the threatened use of violence . On the way home , Philip 's fleet stopped at the island of Thasos off the coast of Thrace . Philip 's general Metrodorus , went to the island 's eponymous capital to meet emissaries from the city .
" McFarland praised Kaitlin Olson 's portrayal of Brenda , however , stating " Olson got some laughs out of just how deep Brenda ’ s denial went , finding every possible excuse to blame herself and exonerate Jeff . It made her endearing and easily likeable , every bit the opposite from Olson 's place in the rogue ’ s gallery of misanthropy on It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia . " He ended his review by comparing it to the fellow Fox animation series The Simpsons , noting , " The Simpsons managed to find the right blend with Sideshow Bob episodes , or in the aching sadness of Homer and Marge 's marriage , but as has been said ad infinitum , Family Guy hasn 't mastered that combination in the same way as the original .
First published in the United Kingdom on 26 October 1987 , the book takes a critical perspective , challenging the Church of Scientology 's account of Hubbard 's life and work . It quotes extensively from official documents acquired using the Freedom of Information Act and from Hubbard 's personal papers , which were obtained via a defector from the Church . It was also published in Australia , Canada and the United States . The Church of Scientology strongly opposed the book 's publication . The Church was accused of organising a smear and harassment campaign against Miller and his publisher , though it strenuously denied this accusation , and a private investigator involved in the campaign denied that the Church was his client .
In 1937 , von Brauchitsch duelled Caracciola before coming out on top . It was the last prewar Grand Prix at Monaco , for in 1938 , the demand for ₤ 500 ( about US $ 2450 ) in appearance money per top entrant led AIACR to cancel the event , while looming war overtook it in 1939 , and the Second World War ended organised racing in Europe until 1945 . Racing in Europe started again on 9 September 1945 at the Bois de Boulogne Park in the city of Paris , four months and one day after the end of the war in Europe .
The party was initially received in peace at the Itza capital , but as soon as the Spanish soldiers let their guard down , the Itza seized and bound the new arrivals . The soldiers were sacrificed to the Maya gods . After their sacrifice , the Itza took Delgado , cut his heart out and dismembered him ; they displayed his head on a stake with the others . The fortune of the leader of Delgado 's Maya companions was no better . With no word from Delgado 's escort , Mirones sent two Spanish soldiers with a Maya scout to learn their fate .
Produced by Arif Mardin , the track appeared on Starr 's debut album for Atlantic Records and Polydor , Ringo 's Rotogravure . The composition had a long recording history before then , having been written in 1970 as " Whenever " , after which it was copyrighted with the title " When Every Song Is Sung " . Harrison originally intended the song for Welsh singer Shirley Bassey , who had a hit in the summer of 1970 with a cover version of his Beatles composition " Something " . Although Harrison recorded " When Every Song Is Sung " himself during the sessions for All Things Must Pass that year , it was not included on his album .
Pfeiffer returned to the screen in 2007 with villainous roles in two major summer blockbusters , as Velma Von Tussle in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical Hairspray ( 2007 ) with John Travolta , Christopher Walken , Zac Efron and Queen Latifah , and as ancient witch Lamia in fantasy adventure Stardust ( 2007 ) opposite Claire Danes , Charlie Cox and Robert De Niro . Pfeiffer then accepted the roles of Rosie in Amy Heckerling 's I Could Never Be Your Woman ( 2007 ) with Paul Rudd and Saoirse Ronan , and Linda in Personal Effects ( 2009 ) , which she starred opposite Ashton Kutcher and Kathy Bates , and was premiered at Iowa City 's Englert Theatre .
Span was out but Tolbert was able to score on Porcello 's throwing error . The score remained 3 – 1 until the bottom of the 6th inning . Porcello got the first two batters of the inning out but then allowed a solo home run to Jason Kubel to bring the game within one run . Porcello then walked the next batter , Michael Cuddyer , and was relieved by Zach Miner . The Twins loaded the bases against Miner , but did not score again in the inning . Scott Baker , the Twins ' starter , walked the first batter of the 7th and was relieved by Jon Rauch though no runs scored .
Winnipeg is a railway hub and is served by Via Rail , Canadian National Railway , Canadian Pacific Railway , Burlington Northern Santa Fe Manitoba , and the Central Manitoba Railway . It is the only major city between Vancouver and Thunder Bay with direct US connections by rail . Winnipeg is the largest and best connected city within Manitoba , and has highways leading in all directions from the city . To the south , Winnipeg is connected to the United States via Provincial Trunk Highway 75 ( PTH 75 ) ( a continuation of I 29 and US 75 , known as Pembina Highway or Route 42 within Winnipeg ) .
I saw the song as more fun and cheeky , rather than sassy and glossy like that . " The Sugababes performed " No Can Do " on 14 November 2008 for Children in Need . The trio performed the song later that month to promote the release of the New Xbox Experience , as part of a set list that included their singles " Push the Button " and " About You Now " . They performed " No Can Do " on 18 July 2009 at Ponty ’ s Big Weekend , which was held at Ynysangharad Park in Pontypridd , Wales , and dedicated the performance to Michael Jackson who died a month earlier .
The pursuit had been exhausting : since first sighting the British ships , Niémen had travelled over 140 nmi ( 160 mi ; 260 km ) and was just 12 nmi ( 14 mi ; 22 km ) from the Spanish coast when she was caught . At 01 : 15 , Amethyst opened fire , Niémen immediately responding and turning to the northeast in an attempt to shake off the British ship . Seymour followed his opponent and at 01 : 45 was again close enough to engage , the frigates firing upon one another from close range for over an hour .
Almost everyone connected with the movie is in top form , even Mr. Moore . Here he 's as ageless , resourceful , and graceful as the character he inhabits . " Canby subsequently said the film was , alongside Goldfinger , the best of the series . Whilst The Globe and Mail critic Jay Scott said Moonraker was second only to Goldfinger . " In the first few minutes – before the credits – it offers more thrills than most escapist movies provide in two hours . " During the title sequence , " the excitement has gone all the way up to giddy and never comes down .
His brothers were Alec , known as " Sandy " by the family , who played for Ayr United and Clyde ; Jimmy ( 1902 – 1972 ) , who played for various clubs including Sheffield United and Southend United ; John ( 1903 – 1960 ) , who played for Portsmouth and Luton Town ; and Bob ( 1910 – 1982 ) , who played for Alloa Athletic and Falkirk . Bob became a successful manager , guiding Dundee to victory in the Scottish championship in 1962 and the semi finals of the European Cup the following year . Their maternal uncles , Robert and William Blyth were also professional players and both became club directors at Portsmouth and Carlisle United respectively .
Orthodox Hindus remember the Panchakanya : the five virgins or maidens , in this daily morning prayer ; though none of them is considered an ideal woman , who could be emulated . Tara , with Ahalya and Mandodari , belong to the Ramayana , while the rest are from the Mahabharata . V. R. Devika , author of Tara : Unsung heroine describes her as a woman " treated like an equal and her opinion mattered as if she were one of the lieutenants . " The Ramayana presents Tara as a woman , intensely loved and respected by Vali , her husband .
For Idolator , Mike Wass called the remix " X rated " , thanking the feature guests for that . In the week ending of August 25 , 2013 , after the performance on the VMAs , the song was downloaded 20,000 times , a jump of 1,003 % from the previous week when it sold 2,000 copies . In the following week , the song debuted at number 60 on the US Billboard Hot 100 , selling 55,000 to 60,000 copies , as most of the songs performed at the show were still earning from the performances , including " Gorilla " .
His girlfriend , Candy , accompanies him as a result of him protecting her from an angry waiter she attempted to bilk and paying the bill . Rufus is depicted as a large , heavily obese blond male . His head is mostly bald , with a long braided ponytail jutting from the top , and a mustache extending down the sides of his mouth to his chin . His clothing consists of a yellow and black sleeveless jumpsuit with padded shoulders , with the closing straps left open due to his girth and exposing the center of his torso and lower abdominal hair .
According to the staff members of Idolator , the beat in the background is augmented by hand claps similar to that of " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) " ( 2008 ) by Beyoncé Knowles , most noticeable toward the end . According to a press release by Interscope Records , the song 's lyrics make reference to a " raw infectious club thumping message to female empowerment " and about being in a committed relationship . She further said the sentiment reflected in the song is " exactly what her girls are apt to shout behind closed doors " and that the lyrics are meant to reflect a woman 's many moods and shifting desires : " I write from a female perspective , but I 'm also telling men what women are really thinking and feeling about them .
However , Washbrook called Edrich through for a quick single soon after . The batsmen hesitated and after both Englishmen had paused in the middle of their run , Morris threw down Edrich 's stumps from cover , ending the partnership at 125 / 2 . Edrich had struck eight boundaries and a six in his 53 . Toshack then removed Compton for a duck , caught in the slips by Miller , leaving England three wickets down with the score still on 125 . Crapp joined Washbrook and helped see off the new ball , stopping Australia 's fightback as England reached 174 by the close without further loss .
She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 26 November 1896 . The ship was 421 feet ( 128 m ) long overall and had a beam of 75 ft ( 23 m ) and a draft of 27 ft ( 8.2 m ) . She displaced up to 16,060 t ( 15,810 long tons ; 17,700 short tons ) at full combat load . Her propulsion system consisted of two 3 cylinder triple expansion engines powered by eight coal fired cylindrical boilers . By 1907 – 1908 , she was re boilered with oil fired models . Her engines provided a top speed of 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) at 10,000 indicated horsepower ( 7,500 kW ) .
Raonic holds a combined 7 – 29 record ( 19 % ) against the Big Four , including 0 – 7 against Djokovic , 1 – 6 against Nadal , 3 – 9 against Federer , and 3 – 7 against Murray . Each of Raonic 's deepest runs in significant tournaments ( i.e. majors and ATP 1000 tournaments ) have ended with a loss to a member of the Big Four : Nadal in the 2013 Canadian Open final , Federer in the 2014 Wimbledon semifinal , Djokovic in the 2014 Paris Masters final , Murray in the 2016 Australian Open semifinal , Djokovic in the 2016 Indian Wells Masters final , and Murray in the 2016 Wimbledon final .
German aid to the Nationalists amounted to approximately £ 43,000,000 ( $ 215,000,000 ) in 1939 prices . German air crews supported the Nationalist advance on Madrid and the relief of the Siege of the Alcázar . The Condor Legion 's aircraft were accompanied by two armoured units . By the end of 1936 , 7,000 Germans were in Spain . The Nationalists were supported by German units and equipment during the Battle of Madrid and during the Battle of Jarama of February 1937 . The fighting demonstrated the inadequacy of the Legion 's aircraft compared to superior Soviet made fighters .
His second innings lasted just seven balls before Key " chipped a simple catch to mid on " , having scored just four . Key 's most valuable innings , according to Wisden , came in the third Test . Despite only scoring six runs in the first innings , Key came to the crease for his second innings with England requiring another 216 runs to take a 3 – 0 lead in the series . Initially batting with Michael Vaughan , and then with Andrew Flintoff , Key scored an unbeaten 93 to guide England to their target , which was a record fourth innings total to win an Old Trafford Test .
Following the conclusion of hostilities , the battalion 's personnel were returned to Australia in small drafts , as the 2 / 1st undertook garrison duties in the Balikpapan area . The longer serving men were repatriated and discharged early , while volunteers were transferred to other units that were being raised as part of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force that would be deployed to Japan . In November , a batch of men were transferred to the 21st Brigade for occupation duties in the Celebes as the Australian forces began preparing to hand over the territories to Dutch authorities .
" Asked about a possible romance between Vala and Daniel before the filming of the series finale , Black predicted that a consummation of the relationship would end badly in terms of both story and on screen chemistry . When producer Robert C. Cooper presented his preliminary script for the series finale , " Unending " , both Black and Shanks protested his intended story of having Vala and Daniel sleep together without a confrontation . Shanks felt that " [ t ] here 's always been this underlining , keeping [ Vala ] at arms length because of the fear of getting too close .
He was picked for the 1945 – 46 Australian tour of New Zealand and played in the representative match that was later designated as the first Test match between the two countries : he made 54 as Australia won easily . The post war period also saw a new approach to batting on the part of Barnes . He discarded his aggressive and flamboyant shot making and re invented himself as a watchful , more defensive player , which made his scoring more prolific , although less crowd pleasing . Barnes was made captain of New South Wales for the 1946 – 47 Australian season , though he only managed to play three matches for the state team .
" If this agreement is not fulfilled , the Flyer can be reclaimed by the heir of the Wright brothers . Some aviation buffs , particularly those who promote the legacy of Gustave Whitehead , now accuse the Smithsonian of refusing to investigate claims of earlier flights . After a ceremony in the Smithsonian museum , the Flyer went on public display on December 17 , 1948 , the 45th anniversary of the only day it was flown successfully . The Wright brothers ' nephew Milton ( Lorin 's son ) , who had seen gliders and the Flyer under construction in the bicycle shop when he was a boy , gave a brief speech and formally transferred the airplane to the Smithsonian , which displayed it with the accompanying label : Neither brother married .
The title and other Belarusian state awards , their creation , nomination and awarding , are regulated by a set of legal documents : Belarusian Constitution , Law N 288 З " About state awards of the Republic of Belarus " and presidential decrees . The title was created by the Belarus Supreme Soviet on April 13 , 1995 , with the passage of Resolution N 3726 XII , titled " System of State Awards for the Republic of Belarus " . Alongside the Hero of Belarus title , the resolution authorized the creation of medals , orders , and titles that can be presented by the Belarusian government .
With both offenses struggling in the first quarter , Sun Devil , Terry Richardson , opened scoring on an 84 yard punt return for a touchdown . The Trojans answered early in the second quarter with a field goal , however , two touchdowns , a Keller pass and a Keegan Herring rush , gave the Sun Devils an 18 point half time lead . Starting in the third quarter the Trojans got on track with a pair of rushing touchdowns to bring their deficit to four , and midway through the fourth quarter they took the lead on a quarterback sneak by Leinart .
He was put on a monitor , but it [ ECG trace ] was flat . I pounded his heart [ CPR ] a couple of times , but there was no point , he was dead " . According to Seifert , the attempt to resuscitate Hendrix lasted " just a few minutes " . The surgical registrar , Dr. John Bannister , commented : " He was cold and he was blue . He had all the parameters of someone who had been dead for some time . We worked on him for about half an hour without any response at all .
John Young walked on the moon as the commander of Apollo 16 , first commander of the space shuttle and is the only person to have piloted four different classes of spacecraft . Georgia Tech has its fair share of noteworthy engineers , scientists , and inventors . Nobel Laureate Kary Mullis developed the polymerase chain reaction , Herbert Saffir developed the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale , and W. Jason Morgan made significant contributions to the theory of plate tectonics and geodynamics . In computer science , Krishna Bharat developed Google News , and D. Richard Hipp developed SQLite . Architect Michael Arad designed the World Trade Center Memorial in New York City .
The team competed in the 2012 IPL and finished at the third place , thus qualified for the 2012 Champions League Twenty20 ( CLT20 ) . It topped the league and the group stage in the IPL and the CLT20 respectively ; however , it failed to win any match in the playoffs . After finishing last in the previous season , the Daredevils added players such as Mahela Jayawardene , Andre Russell , Kevin Pietersen and Ross Taylor to the squad . Eric Simons succeeded Greg Shipperd as the head coach and T. A. Sekhar took the mentorship . The team won 11 of the 16 matches played in the league stage of the IPL and topped the point table .
Speaking to a British press reporter on 5 January , the victim 's father was quoted as saying , " We want the world to know her real name . My daughter didn 't do anything wrong , she died while protecting herself . I am proud of her . Revealing her name will give courage to other women who have survived these attacks . They will find strength from my daughter . " Indian law forbids revealing the name of a rape victim unless the family agrees to it and , following the news article which published the father 's reported quote and the victim 's name , some news outlets in India , Germany , Australia , and the United States also revealed her name .
He helped NASA with voice communication equipment including long lines between Cape Canaveral and Houston as well as assisting the Air Force with their worldwide telephone system . He worked on military listening systems . In 1968 , Hilliard retired from regular employment at LTV , continuing to work with LTV as a consultant but in the same manner as if he hadn 't retired . In the early 1970s , Hilliard directed the hearing conservation program at Bio Medical Engineering Corporation . He founded J.K.Hilliard and Associates in the mid 1970s , performing architectural acoustic analysis and creating the standards for California 's multi family housing construction acoustic design policies , significantly influencing interior and exterior noise control standards for homeowners across the United States .
According to his analysis , the following missions were the ones most likely to have been destroyed : La Concepción de Ayubale San Francisco de Oconi San Antonio de Bacqua San Martín de Tomole Santa Cruz y San Pedro de Alcántara de Ychuntafun Spanish authorities in St. Augustine and Pensacola mobilized their meager forces , but did not return to Ayubale until after Moore 's force had clearly left the area . They buried the Christian dead , many of whom they reported as exhibiting evidence of torture . Despite the losses , they did not immediately abandon or consolidate the missions until further raiding took place , after which the demoralized surviving Apalachee insisted they would either retreat to Pensacola or go over to the English .
As LeHand was leaving on her maiden voyage , she struck the U.S. Coast Guard lighthouse tender Magnolia amidships , sinking it and killing one Coast Guardsman . LeHand was a character in the 1958 Broadway play Sunrise at Campobello and its 1960 film adaptation , in which she was played by Jean Hagen . The productions portray FDR 's initial struggles with polio after his 1921 diagnosis , and his decision to continue his political career . Priscilla Pointer played the role of LeHand in the 1977 ABC television production Eleanor and Franklin : The White House Years . In the 2012 movie Hyde Park on Hudson , which portrays the visit of British monarchs George VI and Queen Consort Elizabeth to FDR 's estate at Hyde Park , LeHand is played by Elizabeth Marvel .
Her work with the Make A Wish foundation was the inspiration behind her own charity , with Lavigne stating , " I just really wanted to do more " . Lavigne said on the foundation 's website , " I have always looked for ways to give back because I think it 's a responsibility we all share " . Philanthropist Trevor Neilson 's 12 person firm , " Global Philanthropy Group " , advises Lavigne with her foundation as well as several other celebrities , including musician John Legend . In September 2014 , she launched a personal fundraising campaign for Special Olympics as part of her birthday celebration .
He did not hesitate to alter productions when they were revived . " Although he had told the press that the original words and music would not be altered , Carte was willing to make changes in certain cases . In 1919 – 20 , he authorised significant cuts and alterations in both Princess Ida and Ruddigore . In 1921 Cox and Box was produced in a drastically cut down version , to allow it to be played as a companion piece with the shorter Savoy operas . He also authorised changes to Gilbert 's text : he wrote to The Times in 1948 , " We found recently in America that much objection was taken by coloured persons to a word used twice in The Mikado .
In addition , the flux provides molten slag which covers the filler metal as it travels from the electrode to the weld pool . Once part of the weld pool , the slag floats to the surface and protects the weld from contamination as it solidifies . Once hardened , it must be chipped away to reveal the finished weld . As welding progresses and the electrode melts , the welder must periodically stop welding to remove the remaining electrode stub and insert a new electrode into the electrode holder . This activity , combined with chipping away the slag , reduces the amount of time that the welder can spend laying the weld , making SMAW one of the least efficient welding processes .
Any financial institution that participates in the forward collection ( or return ) process can become the reconverting financial institution if it creates the substitute check for transmittal and settlement . If a substitute check must be returned unpaid because of insufficient funds ( a dishonored or bounced check ) , the paying bank ( Bank 2 ) stamps the item NSF ( non sufficient funds ) as the reason for the return . In this case , Bank 2 encodes a " 5 " as the EPC on the MICR line to identify the substitute check according to ANS X9.90 , along with the routing number of the depository financial institution and the dollar amount of the substitute check .
In all versions , Khandoba returns to Jejuri with his new wife and faces the wrath of Mhalsa . Many songs tell about the confrontations of Mhalsa and Banai . In some songs , Mhalsa complains about Khandoba 's infatuation with the impure Banai . The cantankerous Mhalsa grumbles how Banai has polluted the house by her uncouth ways and suggests that Banai should be returned to the wilderness again . The songs sing how the vegetarian , high caste Mhalsa is forced to catch fish and eat in the same plate as the non vegetarian low caste Banai . Mhalsa is portrayed blaming Banai for the problems in the palace and talking about her superiority to Banai .
One early possible attempt at espionage were the Russian sawfilers who travelled through Sweden , mostly in Norrland during the last years of the 19th century and the years leading up to World War I. A large part of the Swedish population believed that the sawfilers , no more than 300 in total in Sweden , were spies hired by the Okhrana , the Russian secret police . Some sources are of the belief that the sawfilers were never sent out on specific missions but instead acted as unknowing spies , only having contact with the Okhrana who interrogated them regarding their experiences when they returned to Russia .
" The Scotsman wrote that the song is an " electro glam " that " throwaway fun . " Allison Stewart from The Washington Post referred to it as a " tame , hand clappy pop song " and compared the track to Gwen Stefani 's songs . TJ of Neon Limelight gave a mixed review , calling it " sassy " but " would work better for an artist at least a decade younger than Aguilera " , with its " painfully adolescent lyrics " . Becky Bain of Idolator wrote , " It 's one of those pandering songs that will no doubt have young girls singing along , particularly the chorus , but it 's a lazy one that leaves rubs us the wrong way .
The Ionian revolt had begun with an unsuccessful expedition against Naxos , a joint venture between the Persian satrap Artaphernes and the Miletus tyrant Aristagoras . In the aftermath , Artaphernes decided to remove Aristagoras from power , but before he could do so , Aristagoras abdicated , and declared Miletus a democracy . The other Ionian cities followed suit , ejecting their Persian appointed tyrants , and declaring themselves democracies . Artistagoras then appealed to the states of Mainland Greece for support , but only Athens and Eretria offered to send troops . The reasons that Eretria sent assistance to the Ionians are not completely clear .
The novels were always set in London , a small village , or at a houseparty . Critic Erik Routley labelled many of her characters clichés , including the uneducated policeman , an exotic Spanish dancer , and a country vicar with a neurotic wife . In one of her novels , the characters ' surnames were even in alphabetical order according to the order they were introduced . According to Wingate , Heyer 's detective stories , like many of the others of the time , exhibited a distinct snobbery towards foreigners and the lower classes . Her middle class men were often crude and stupid , while the women were either incredibly practical or exhibited poor judgement , usually using poor grammar that could become vicious .
While living in a New York apartment between 1895 and 1901 not much is known of the Davenport home life except that the furnishings were luxurious . By 1901 , Davenport had bought both a house in East Orange , New Jersey , and a farm in Morris Plains , New Jersey . He kept many of the animals he collected and bred , including pheasants and horses , at East Orange , but decided to move both animals and himself to Morris Plains , and take the rail line dubbed the " Millionaire 's Special " to work in New York .
The cost was estimated to be at least $ 300 – 400 million ( USD ) . The plan replaced the initial dual stadium opening ceremony facility . Additional details about the plan included new permanent hockey fields , use of Jones Armory , and new pedestrian juncture between the two halves of the park by tunneling part of Morgan Drive ( 55th ) . A later December 2008 plan added the olympic swimming venue to the park . The plan faced opposition from those holding the view that Washington Park 's listing on the National Register of Historic Places could not have survived the execution of this Olympic plan .
Nevertheless , he conceded that " a man may be ignorant , boastful and obscure , and yet have done a solid piece of work " . The Canadian geographer Paul Simpson Housley , although sceptical about much of Morrell 's account , suggests that the speeds claimed for the derided western journey , though fast , were not impossible , and Morrell 's farthest south in the Weddell Sea , queried by Mill , is entirely plausible , given that James Weddell had sailed four degrees further south just a month earlier . The writer Rupert Gould , in a lengthy essay on New South Greenland published in 1929 , queries the assumption that the sighting was simply invented by Morrell , partly on the grounds that very little weight is given to the discovery in Morrell 's 500 page account .
The fate of the championship trophy itself was the subject of controversy after Canadian hockey officials accompanied by Montreal Police prevented the Soviet team from taking the trophy back to the Soviet Union . As he took the Cup from the Soviets at the airport , Eagleson claimed that the trophy was intended to remain in Canada at all times . The decision upset the Soviets who claimed that Eagleson 's decision was made " in violation of the traditions existing at international competitions " . George Smith , a truck driver from Winnipeg , organized a fundraising campaign that raised enough money to create a replica trophy that was gifted to Soviet officials at their Canadian embassy .
Even though cadmium and its compounds are toxic in certain forms and concentrations , the British Pharmaceutical Codex from 1907 states that cadmium iodide was used as a medication to treat " enlarged joints , scrofulous glands , and chilblains " . In 1907 , the International Astronomical Union defined the international ångström in terms of a red cadmium spectral line ( 1 wavelength = 6438.46963 Å ) . This was adopted by the 7th General Conference on Weights and Measures in 1927 . In 1960 , the definitions of both the metre and ångström were changed to use krypton .
The show itself was nominated in the " Soap and Continuing Drama " category at the 2007 awards . Holby City was nominated " Best Serial Drama " at the 2008 Digital Spy Soap Awards , and in 2009 , Stella Gonet was nominated for the " Acting Performance in TV ( Female ) " award at the British Academy Scotland Awards for her role as CEO Jayne Grayson . In 2010 , the series was shortlisted in the " Best Television Continuing Drama " category at the Writers ' Guild of Great Britain Awards . At the Ethnic Multicultural Media Awards , Angela Griffin won " Best Actress " in 2000 for her role as nurse Jasmine Hopkins , and was nominated " Best TV Actress " in 2002 , alongside co star Thusitha Jayasundera for her role as registrar Tash Bandara .
They spend the night at a hotel , but he leaves without her the next morning and catches a train to Los Angeles , California . With the help of a translator , he phones Arlen 's last residence and learns from a Hispanic woman that Arlen is working at a hotel in Ensenada , Mexico . Mercer finally meets Arlen ( Jsu Garcia ) at the hotel in Ensenada , but Arlen assumes Mercer is just there for money . Enraged , Mercer tackles his brother to the ground and gets kicked off the premises . Kate later finds a bloody Mercer sitting on the side of a road and takes him to a hotel .
Suharto unexpectedly resigned on 21 May 1998 , one week after he returned from a Group of 15 meeting in Cairo , which took place during the riots . The reform government formed by his successor Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie began a campaign to rebuild the confidence of Chinese Indonesians who had fled the country , particularly businessmen . Along with one of his envoys James Riady , son of financial magnate Mochtar Riady , Habibie appealed to Chinese Indonesians seeking refuge throughout East Asia , Australia , and North America to return and promised security from various government ministries as well as other political figures , such as Abdurrahman Wahid and Amien Rais .
Ballots were generally fair and in accordance with the 1931 constitution , although three cases of electoral fraud occurred . The first was in Galicia , in north west Spain , and orchestrated by the incumbent government ; there also , in A Coruña , by the political left . The voting in Granada was forcibly ( and unfairly ) dominated by the government . In some villages , the police stopped anyone not wearing a collar from voting . Wherever the Socialists were poorly organised , farm workers continued to vote how they were told by their bosses or caciques .
Lindelof and Cuse felt that the beard worked with Lapidus ' character , and allowed Fahey to keep it for the role , with the requirement he shave it back to a more manageable length . The character remained bearded until his return in fifth season episode " 316 " , set three years on from his original introduction . Fahey praised the way the character was developed to suit him , explaining that upon meeting with Lindelof and Cuse , rather than discussing the show with him , they were more interested in him personally and his experiences , going on to incorporate elements of himself into Lapidus .
In his store is a shelf with other symbolic items that represent local businesses . The center section is devoted to education and depicts Athena , the Greek goddess of wisdom , in the form of a girl in the Woodstock Library . She is adorned with an owl on her shoulder and an olive branch necklace . She holds a tiger lily in her hand . Woodstock School 's Mandarin Immersion Program is honored with an arc of Chinese characters above the girl 's head , written on a chalkboard . The Mandarin Chinese text translates to " A nice place to live " or " It 's a great place to live " , which is Woodstock 's motto .
After Millennium 's cancellation , Johannessen would also contribute an episode to its sister show The X Files , 1999 's " Orison " . " Blood Relatives " featured the second of three appearances by Brian Markinson as Seattle police detective Teeple ; Markinson had previously played the character in " The Judge " , and would reprise the role in " Sacrament " . Guest star Deanna Milligan , who portrayed the second victim Tina , would also appear in the third season episode " The Sound of Snow " in an unrelated role . Bob Morrisey , who played the first victim 's husband , also appeared in the third season , playing a sheriff in " Omertà " .
The average annual rainfall of 667.9 millimetres ( 26.3 in ) is well below the UK average of 1,125 millimetres ( 44.3 in ) . The mid year population of Portland in 2010 was 12,400 ; this figure has remained around twelve to thirteen thousand since the 1970s . In 2010 there were 5,786 dwellings in an area of 11.5 square kilometres ( 2,840 acres ) , giving an approximate population density of 1100 people per km2 ( 4.5 per acre ) . The population is almost entirely native to England — 94.9 percent of residents are of white British ethnicity , well above the England and Wales average of 80.5 percent .
In the process , the News Miner became the first newspaper to regularly deliver via aircraft . Three years after Harding 's death , William Thompson died on January 4 , 1926 . He was replaced by assistant editor Alfeld Hjalmar Nordale , who had been mayor of Fairbanks . At the time , the newspaper was in dire straits . Circulation had declined with the falling Fairbanks population , and reached a low of about 500 in 1925 , less than half what it was in 1909 . The paper still relied on an old flatbed press , which dated from the turn of the century .
Greg Fischbach , one of the founders of Acclaim Entertainment , noted , regretfully several years later , they had passed on Guitar Hero , questioning " Who 's going to buy a peripheral like that ? " The Huangs approached Harmonix , who had previously made music video games such as Frequency , Amplitude and Karaoke Revolution about making a guitar based video game for those controllers . With a budget of about one million dollars ( which Kay noted was " pretty tiny for a video game " ) , the two companies worked together to develop Guitar Hero .
Mario and Aldo were surprised to find a half mile dirt racing track when they moved to Nazareth . The twins worked on a 1948 Hudson Commodore modified funded by money that they earned in their uncle 's garage in 1959 . They took turns racing the old Hudson on oval dirt tracks near Nazareth in 1959 . They did not tell their parents that they were racing . The twins each had two wins after their first four races . Aldo was seriously hurt near the end of the season , and their parents were unhappy to find out that the twins were racing .
A NME staff reviewer said that the song takes the riff of David Bowie and Iggy Pop 's " China Girl " ( 1983 ) and " puts it over schmaltzy cocktail hour bass and love film strings . " Tom Terrell of MTV , however , compared the riff to the one of A Taste of Honey 's cover of " Sukiyaki " ( 1981 ) . Terrell further commented that the " Eagles esque chorus " features " an ' 80s hair band power ballad groove " where " Britney soul maxes with a vocal that channels both Stevie Wonder ( via " Knocks Me Off My Feet " ) and Shania herself .
A year later he moved into his wife 's house in Mallord Street , in an unsuccessful hope of reigniting their relationship . Taking up his part time professorship at the Institute of Archaeology , he began to lecture to students almost every day . There , he found that he developed a relationship of mutual respect with the director , Childe , despite their strong personal and professional differences . In April 1949 , after the retirement of Cyril Fox , Wheeler was nominated for the Presidency of the Society of Antiquaries , but lost to James Mann ; many archaeologists , including Childe and O. G. S. Crawford , resigned from the Society in protest , deeming Wheeler to have been a far more appropriate candidate for the position .
In Gumboro , DE 26 and DE 30 continue north while Route 54 turns east onto Cypress Road . Route 54 crosses Bald Cypress Branch and the Pocomoke River , then passes through the Great Cypress Swamp . After crossing the swamp , the highway intersects US 113 on the west edge of Selbyville . Route 54 continues east into Selbyville as Cemetery Road and crosses the Snow Hill Line of the Maryland and Delaware Railroad . The highway turns south into Main Street to pass through the central business district . After intersecting the southern terminus of DE 17 ( Bethany Road ) , Route 54 turns east onto Lighthouse Road .
Still , the old fashioned extravagance of this production ... feels like some kind of honesty : it 's a sincere gesture from a show business savant . " Before the release of I Am ... Yours : An Intimate Performance at Wynn Las Vegas , Rap Up listed it as one of the " most notable releases " for the fall of 2009 . Likewise , MTV News placed the album on its list of " Holiday Album Preview " . USA Today 's Mike Snider also mentioned it on his list of " Music video DVDs that make worthy gifts this season " comparing its acoustic style to the VH1 Storytellers series .
In general , the operator factor , or the percentage of operator 's time spent laying weld , is approximately 25 % . The actual welding technique utilized depends on the electrode , the composition of the workpiece , and the position of the joint being welded . The choice of electrode and welding position also determine the welding speed . Flat welds require the least operator skill , and can be done with electrodes that melt quickly but solidify slowly . This permits higher welding speeds . Sloped , vertical or upside down welding requires more operator skill , and often necessitates the use of an electrode that solidifies quickly to prevent the molten metal from flowing out of the weld pool .
During the landing operations on 7 and 8 August , Japanese naval aircraft based at Rabaul , under the command of Sadayoshi Yamada , attacked the Allied amphibious forces several times , setting afire the transport USS George F. Elliot ( which sank two days later ) and heavily damaging the destroyer USS Jarvis . In the air attacks over the two days , the Japanese lost 36 aircraft , while the U.S. lost 19 , both in combat and to accident , including 14 carrier fighters . After these clashes , Fletcher was concerned about the losses to his carrier fighter aircraft strength , anxious about the threat to his carriers from further Japanese air attacks , and worried about his ships ' fuel levels .
Fifty eight were permanently joined in " Bib and Bub " ( named after comic characters by May Gibbs ) pairs to conserve manpower and used this way until 1950 . Although the bib and bub pairs still required a conductor per tram to collect fares , they needed only one driver per pair resulting in a twenty five percent reduction in labour . All type As were withdrawn from service by May 1952 , with the formerly coupled trams being the last to go . Tram 30 was withdrawn from service three months earlier in February 1952 after sustaining accident damage .
It was the longest scoring drive in Big 12 Championship history . With 8 : 53 left in the game , Nebraska threw what was almost a touchdown pass , but Nic Harris made a diving catch to intercept the ball in the end zone for a touchback . Neither team scored in the fourth quarter , so Oklahoma won the game 21 – 7 . It was their fourth Big 12 Conference football championship , which was the most for any team in the conference ( Nebraska and Texas each had two ) . Since Oklahoma won the Big 12 Championship game , they represented the Big 12 Conference in the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale , Arizona .
" Manager Phil Walden explained to executives that the band were less of a studio band and that live performances were most important to them . In all , the album featured seven songs spread over four vinyl sides . The album received strong initial sales . While previous albums by the band had taken months to hit the charts ( often near the bottom of the top 200 ) , the record started to climb the charts after a matter of days . At Fillmore East peaked at number thirteen on Billboard 's Top Pop Albums chart , and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America that October .
The station began broadcasting on 1 October 1988 as a privately owned company , thereby ending the television monopoly previously exercised by the Danmarks Radio ( DR ) . Since 2007 , TV 2 has had about 1,000 employees . Now operating six channels , TV 2 now broadcasts over 40,000 hours of television programmes per year . Hans Christian Andersen ( 1805 – 1875 ) , novelist , poet , fairy tale and short story writer Carl Nielsen ( 1865 – 1931 ) , classical composer , born near Odense , celebrating the 150th anniversary of his birth in 2015 King Knud IV ( c .
The official forecast at this time called for further intensification to minimal hurricane strength . This did not occur however and Arlene instead weakened as result of dry air entering the circulation . The storm made landfall just west of Pensacola , Florida in the afternoon of June 11 with 57.5 mph ( 95 km / h ) winds . As most of the precipitation and wind of the storm were located north and east of the center , most of the effects of the storm were on land long before it made landfall . Arlene was the most intense landfalling June storm since Hurricane Allison hit the same location as a strong tropical storm during the 1995 season .
Following his release from Fleetwood , Crowther joined non League side FC Halifax Town . At the end of the 2013 – 14 season he left Halifax Town after just 4 months at the club . Born in Stockport , Greater Manchester , Crowther spent nine years at his local club Stockport County moving through the youth system , before making his first team debut for the club on 2 January 2006 in a 2 – 2 draw against Cheltenham Town , where aged just 17 , he came on as a substitute and was made captain , making him the youngest captain in the club 's history .
Adelman served as National Chair of Canadian Professors for Peace in the Middle East ( 1983 – 84 ) , and Director of the Refugee Documentation Project ( 1982 – 86 ) . In 2008 Adelman was honored as the keynote speaker at the First Annual Howard Adelman Lecture in celebration of the Centre for Refugee Studies ’ 20th anniversary . Held during Refugee Rights Week in Toronto , Adelman reviewed recent research on refugees , suggesting it is probably more beneficial than detrimental to assist refugees . After retiring in 2003 , Adelman was appointed visiting professor at the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University in 2004 .
Guns and ammunition were kept there in case of a fresh rebellion , with a garrison of 36 men , which was temporarily reinforced by an additional squadron of horsemen and 50 foot soldiers in July 1650 . Repairs were made from 1651 onwards , and new accommodation was constructed for the fort 's gunners . After an invasion scare in 1655 , Mersea was temporarily used to imprison Royalists suspected of planning an insurgency against Oliver Cromwell 's Commonwealth government . The fort was then demobilised by Cromwell as part of his efforts to reduce defence costs ; Burrell was ordered to dismantle the fort but the order was never carried out , partially because of the practical difficulties and because of opposition from the owner of the land .
Meanwhile , Peter loses his job at the Pawtucket Brewery because Superstore USA has its own brewery and they cannot compete . Disjointed , Peter joins an angry protest outside the store , but after entering the store to encourage customers to leave , Peter is impressed by its central cooling system , and decides to become an employee also working under Mr. Penisburg with Meg as his superior . Later , his daughter is promoted to assistant manager by Mr. Penisburg , who immediately instructs her to fire Peter . Despite her reservations about her father , she chooses her family over her job and quits .
At Otter Tail Lake , the route left the plains and turned east into a forest in the Leaf Mountains on the continental divide . Taking a difficult but scenic path east through the woods , the trail crossed the Mississippi River at Old Crow Wing . It then went south down the east bank of that river on a smooth and open glacial outwash sandplain to Sauk Rapids and East Saint Cloud . The final lap of the trail to Saint Paul , which had replaced Mendota as the principal entrepôt for the cart trade , continued along the sandplain on the east bank of the Mississippi .
Act one begins with Krusty 's face introducing the audience at his show , act two begins with Krusty 's face being locked up behind bars , and act three begins with Sideshow Bob 's face on a big poster . Krusty 's character is based on a television clown from Portland , Oregon , called Rusty Nails , whom The Simpsons creator Matt Groening watched while growing up in Portland . The original teleplay , written by Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky , was 78 pages long and many scenes had to be cut . One scene that had to be cut down was the scene where Patty and Selma show the slideshow of their vacation ; it originally contained images of them being detained for bringing heroin into America .
However , he was not able to continue his success in 2014 , and the Dodgers released him after that season . Wilson is known for his large black beard , which he began growing during the 2010 pennant race . Wilson was born in Winchester , Massachusetts on March 16 , 1982 . While he was in second grade , he moved to Londonderry , New Hampshire . Today , he talks little of his childhood except to discuss his father , Mike Wilson , who was an Air Force veteran and a demanding perfectionist . During fall , he would have Brian bag leaves and bury them in the woods ; and in winter , he would have Brian spend seven hours shoveling snow on weekends .
Certain shooting methods , like hand held and zooms , were nixed , except for in cases where they could be presented in a " poorly executed " manner . This was done in a way to make it appear that Michael at least knew what he was doing ; Novak explained that the crew " didn 't want the joke of the episode to be how bad he was at filmmaking " because it would " be a little easy and a little out of character " . To create the fake dummy of Toby that exploded , Paul Lieberstein was required to spend several hours in a full face mold that reportedly " unnerved him greatly " .
The operation was in response to attacks , including rockets strikes from Fatah and other Palestinian militias , within the Israeli occupied West Bank . According to Said Aburish , the government of Jordan and a number of Fatah commandos informed Arafat that large scale Israeli military preparations for an attack on the town were underway , prompting fedayeen groups , such as George Habash 's newly formed Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) and Nayef Hawatmeh 's breakaway organization the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( DFLP ) , to withdraw their forces from the town .
This flexibility is possible because different oxidases and reductases use the same ubiquinone pool . This allows many combinations of enzymes to function together , linked by the common ubiquinol intermediate . These respiratory chains therefore have a modular design , with easily interchangeable sets of enzyme systems . In addition to this metabolic diversity , prokaryotes also possess a range of isozymes – different enzymes that catalyze the same reaction . For example , in E. coli , there are two different types of ubiquinol oxidase using oxygen as an electron acceptor . Under highly aerobic conditions , the cell uses an oxidase with a low affinity for oxygen that can transport two protons per electron .
Although the West Side Stadium plan was rejected by city and state planning agencies , the 7 Subway Extension plan received approval to move ahead , as New York political leaders wanted to see the warehouse district west of Eighth Avenue and north of 34th Street redeveloped as part of the Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project , and subway service was to be an essential part of that effort . The extension also serves the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center , which was expanded in 2008 – 14 and is located just half a block away from the station entrances . In response to the City Planning Commission 's 1993 proposal to improve access to the Manhattan Central Business District , the Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) began exploring the possibility of an extension of the IRT Flushing Line to New Jersey .
During the story campaign , the player takes control of Renegade Squadron , under the command of Col Serra and occasionally Han Solo . Serra describes the formation of the unit in the beginning cutscene of the campaign ; the player then starts a series of missions with a range of different objectives , with voiced cutscenes in a static , comic book style between the missions to provide background information and move the story along . The final mission features the Battle of Endor , where the objectives are similar to the corresponding footage in Return of the Jedi .
He also indulged his hobby for collecting Japanese art , and quickly became a renowned authority . Borthwick translated four works from Swedish difference feminist Ellen Key . In his spare time , Wright developed a fruit farm on the property with over a thousand fruit trees and bushes that he ordered from Jens Jensen in 1912 . It is unknown exactly how many were planted , because part of the order was destroyed during a railroad strike . Wright requested two hundred and eighty five apple trees planted , including one hundred McIntosh , fifty Wealthy , fifty Golden Russet , and fifty Fameuse .
Dodd 's career returned to politically contentious Indigenous issues when he played a minor role , of Kummengu , in the 1991 film Deadly . This film is a police drama based around the death of an Indigenous man in police custody . As in Ground Zero , the subject was very topical : the movie was released at the same time as the report of the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody , which had for four years been examining why so many Indigenous Australians died in police detention . In 1999 , Dodd was one of three actors in Wind , a short film portraying the pursuit of an old Aboriginal man ( Dodd ) by a young black tracker and a white police sergeant .
Malaria was the most important health hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II , where about 500,000 men were infected . According to Joseph Patrick Byrne , " Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the African and South Pacific campaigns . " At the close of the 20th century , malaria remained endemic in more than 100 countries throughout the tropical and subtropical zones , including large areas of Central and South America , Hispaniola ( Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) , Africa , the Middle East , the Indian subcontinent , Southeast Asia , and Oceania .
He thought that had the crew been able to come to some sort of solution then it would have been a " strong " episode , but because Picard is forced to plead with Q it made it the first " great episode " of the series because " it admits that these humans ... can be arrogant , and weak , and that they can be bested " . He gave the episode an " A " grade . SFX described the episode as " thrilling " in their review of the season two Blu ray release , while IGN referred to it as a " classic " .
On October 24 , Time magazine featured Medina on its cover , and soon thereafter he was asked to consider running for governor of New York . On June 11 , 1951 , Truman nominated Medina to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , where he served until 1980 . After sentencing , the defendants posted bail , enabling them to remain free during the appeal process . The $ 260,000 bail ( $ 2,585,818 in 2016 dollars ) was provided by Civil Rights Congress , a non profit trust fund which was created to assist CPUSA members with legal expenses .
Erin ( Ellie Kemper ) confides in Ryan ( B. J. Novak ) that she 's intending to stay in Tallahassee . Ryan interprets this as an invitation to hook up with her , so he attempts to seduce her by taking her to the kitchen to help her make a waffle . They hide under a table when the chefs come back . After Ryan compliments Erin , she suggests that they could become roommates in Florida and possibly start dating in six months if things go well between them . Not wanting that long timeline , he resorts to saying he loves Kelly .
When the compliance of the injured lung differs significantly from that of the uninjured one , the lungs can be ventilated independently with two ventilators in order to deliver air at different pressures ; this helps avoid injury from overinflation while providing adequate ventilation . The administration of fluid therapy in individuals with pulmonary contusion is controversial . Excessive fluid in the circulatory system ( hypervolemia ) can worsen hypoxia because it can cause fluid leakage from injured capillaries ( pulmonary edema ) , which are more permeable than normal . However , low blood volume ( hypovolemia ) resulting from insufficient fluid has an even worse impact , potentially causing hypovolemic shock ; for people who have lost large amounts of blood , fluid resuscitation is necessary .
In 1998 , Said made In Search of Palestine ( 1998 ) , a BBC documentary film about Palestine past and Palestine present , in which he returned to the country from which he had emigrated to the U.S. in 1947 . In the company of his son , Wadie , Said revisited his places of boyhood , and confronted the Israeli injustices ( social and cultural ) meted out to ordinary Palestinians in the contemporary West Bank . Despite the social and cultural prestige usual to BBC cinema products in the U.S. , the documentary was never broadcast by any American television company .
The rumors were partially true ; Argentina was looking to get rid of the battleships and devote the proceeds to opening more schools . This angered the American government , which did not want its warship technology offered to the highest bidder — yet they did not want to exercise a contract specified option that gave the United States first choice if the Argentines decided to sell , as naval technology had already progressed past the Rivadavias , particularly in the adoption of the " all or nothing " armor scheme . Instead , the United States and its State Department and Navy Department put diplomatic pressure on the Argentine government .
He defeated Robin Söderling in the semifinals , before losing to Nikolay Davydenko in the final . Del Potro finished 2009 as the youngest player in the top 10 , top ranked Argentine , and highest ranked South American for the second consecutive year . Del Potro started his 2010 season at the AAMI Kooyong Classic in Melbourne , Australia with a win over Croatian world no . 24 Ivan Ljubičić . On 11 January , he moved up to a career high world no . 4 . He was scheduled to face Frenchman Jo Wilfried Tsonga on day 2 of the Kooyong Classic exhibition tournament , but withdrew due to a wrist injury .
This was down from the previous year 's attendance of 18,065 , but the decline could be attributed to the smaller size of the venue for WrestleMania XI . The attendance figure was also lower than the following year 's figure of 18,852 fans at WrestleMania XII . The pay per view buyrate for WrestleMania XI was 1.3 , which was lower than the 1.68 buyrate for WrestleMania X but higher than the 1.2 buyrate for WrestleMania XII . Writing for 411mania , columnist Dustin James rated the event as the seventeenth best of the first twenty three WrestleManias . He stated that the event did not have any truly amazing matches but that Lawrence Taylor put on a solid performance .
Imran Khan , another major opposition figure , went further , saying that " the decision isn 't only against national interest but can also stir unrest within the ranks of the armed forces . " He also criticised the incumbent government as being a pawn of the United States . Political and religious parties in Pakaistan undertook " long march " to Islamabad to protest reopening of supply routes to Afghanistan . Pakistan declared it will scan all NATO containers passing through the country to ensure they do not contain weapons and unapproved items will be seized . 560,000 rupees ( $ 6,000 ) compensation per vehicle would be paid to the truck owners by NATO subcontractors for being out of work for seven months because of the blockade according to Rana Mohammad Aslam , vice president of the All Pakistan Goods Carrier Association .
After she died , the English raked back the coals to expose her charred body so that no one could claim she had escaped alive . They then burned the body twice more , to reduce it to ashes and prevent any collection of relics , and cast her remains into the Seine River . The executioner , Geoffroy Thérage , later stated that he " greatly feared to be damned . " The Hundred Years ' War continued for twenty two years after her death . Charles VII succeeded in retaining legitimacy as the king of France in spite of a rival coronation held for Henry VI at Notre Dame cathedral in Paris on 16 December 1431 , the boy 's tenth birthday .
A century later , James Boswell wrote in his diary that he had taken a prostitute into the garden and " indulged sensuality " , but he was shocked to find when he got home that she had stolen his handkerchief . For a time , each of the grass squares in the garden had a statue in its centre , standing on its own pedestal . They were probably moved there from St James 's Palace in the 1650s but became the target of Puritan zealotry during the Interregnum , due to the perception that they were biblically prohibited " graven images " .
According to Wolfson , Donald Reiman , a modern editor of Percy Bysshe Shelley 's works , still refers to Mary Shelley 's editions , while acknowledging that her editing style belongs " to an age of editing when the aim was not to establish accurate texts and scholarly apparatus but to present a full record of a writer 's career for the general reader " . In principle , Mary Shelley believed in publishing every last word of her husband 's work ; but she found herself obliged to omit certain passages , either by pressure from her publisher , Edward Moxon , or in deference to public propriety .
Over larger gaps , its breakdown strength is weaker , perhaps 1 kV per centimetre . The most visible natural occurrence of this is lightning , caused when charge becomes separated in the clouds by rising columns of air , and raises the electric field in the air to greater than it can withstand . The voltage of a large lightning cloud may be as high as 100 MV and have discharge energies as great as 250 kWh . The field strength is greatly affected by nearby conducting objects , and it is particularly intense when it is forced to curve around sharply pointed objects .
Understanding the singularity of the Big Bang likely requires a quantum theory of gravity , which has not yet been formulated . Third , the curvature index k determines the sign of the mean spatial curvature of spacetime averaged over sufficiently large length scales ( greater than about a billion light years ) . If k = 1 , the curvature is positive and the Universe has a finite volume . Such universes are often visualized as a three dimensional sphere embedded in a four dimensional space . Conversely , if k is zero or negative , the Universe has infinite volume .
The economic turmoil which hit the Soviet Union in 1990 was blamed on Ryzhkov , even though it was Gorbachev who had delayed Ryzhkov 's proposed reform . In his memoirs , Gorbachev vaguely asserts that a single price increase would be better than several . Things did not improve for Ryzhkov when , at the 28th Party Congress , Gorbachev claimed it would be " absurd " to begin serious economic reform with price increases . In August 1990 several leading officials tried to persuade Gorbachev to force Ryzhkov to resign from his post . Gorbachev did not bow to this pressure , fearing that Ryzhkov 's removal would lead to increased activity by many of his pro republican first secretaries and Politburo members .
Additionally , William McAtee , noting the tendency of birds to form Floridian subspecies , suggested that the white tail could be a sign that the painted vulture was a subspecies of the king vulture . Excluding the two species of condors , the king vulture is the largest of the New World vultures . Its overall length ranges from 67 – 81 centimeters ( 27 – 32 in ) and its wingspan is 1.2 – 2 meters ( 4 – 6.6 ft ) . Its weight ranges from 2.7 – 4.5 kilograms ( 6 – 10 lb ) . An imposing bird , the adult king vulture has predominantly white plumage , which has a slight rose yellow tinge to it .
In the Netherlands , midazolam is a List II drug of the Opium Law . Midazolam is a Schedule IV drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances . In the United Kingdom , midazolam is a Class C controlled drug . In the United States , midazolam ( DEA number 2884 ) is on the Schedule IV list of the Controlled Substances Act as a non narcotic agent with low potential for abuse . In 2011 , the European Medicines Agency granted a marketing authorisation for a buccal application form of midazolam , sold under the trade name Buccolam . Buccolam was approved for the treatment of prolonged , acute , convulsive seizures in people from three months to less than 18 years of age .
Sovereigns were enthroned in Besakana and their mortal remains were displayed here before burial . A visitor writing in 1888 described this ancient building as " the official state room for civil affairs ... regarded as the throne of the kingdom . " Mahitsielafanjaka ( Mahitsy ) became the residence of Andrianampoinimerina after he moved his capital from Ambohimanga to Antananarivo . Described in 1888 as the seat of ancestral spiritual authority at the Rova , the traditional sacrifice of a rooster during the ceremony of the Fandroana took place here , and ombiasy ( astrologers ) asked to perform sikidy ( divination ) for a sovereign would do so within this space .
General relativity also predicts the existence of gravitational waves , which have since been observed directly by physics collaboration LIGO . In addition , general relativity is the basis of current cosmological models of a consistently expanding universe . Soon after publishing the special theory of relativity in 1905 , Einstein started thinking about how to incorporate gravity into his new relativistic framework . In 1907 , beginning with a simple thought experiment involving an observer in free fall , he embarked on what would be an eight year search for a relativistic theory of gravity . After numerous detours and false starts , his work culminated in the presentation to the Prussian Academy of Science in November 1915 of what are now known as the Einstein field equations .
... Of course there will be no personality in this – the fact that the First Lord in the Opera is a Radical of the most pronounced type will do away with any suspicion that W. H. Smith is intended . Despite Gilbert 's disclaimer , audiences , critics and even the Prime Minister identified Sir Joseph Porter with W. H. Smith ( a politician who had recently been appointed First Lord of the Admiralty despite having neither military nor nautical experience ) . Sullivan was delighted with the sketch , and Gilbert read a first draft of the plot to Carte in mid January .
The following ten were to be allocated to Scotland and were allocated further " Clan " names , all of which were new . The Clan Class had a mixed reception when first introduced to British Railways locomotive crews because there were only 10 locomotives in a class that was mostly confined to the North West of the railway network . This was due to the fact the low number of class members prevented effective training of locomotive crews throughout the nationalised network , and a degree of partisanship amongst crews towards newer locomotives further ensured this . The entire class was also based predominantly at two depots throughout their working lives , these being Glasgow Polmadie and Carlisle Kingmoor , compounding their restricted circulation .
At the end of June 1860 , Rossier was in Shanghai , and it is likely that he visited the city in an attempt to gain permission to accompany the Anglo French military expedition that had already arrived in northern China and thereby fulfill his commission to document the Second Opium War . If so , he was unsuccessful ; both forces had already hired photographers to document the mission . The British forces were accompanied by the photographers Felice Beato and John Papillon , and the French by Antoine Fauchery , Lieutenant Colonel Du Pin , and possibly also by Louis Legrand .
He devised a different arrangement of keys and finger holes , which allow simpler fingering . It was inspired by the Boehm system developed for flutes by Theobald Boehm . Klosé was so impressed by Boehm 's invention that he named his own system for clarinets the Boehm system , although it is different from the one used on flutes . This new system was slow to gain popularity but gradually became the standard , and today the Boehm system is used everywhere in the world except Germany and Austria . These countries still use a direct descendant of the Mueller clarinet known as the Oehler system clarinet .
In 1893 , the company produced the penultimate Gilbert and Sullivan collaboration , Utopia , Limited . While Utopia was being prepared , the company produced Jane Annie , by J. M. Barrie and Arthur Conan Doyle , with music by Ernest Ford . Despite the popularity of Barrie and Conan Doyle , the show was a flop , closing in July 1893 after only 51 performances . Utopia was the Savoy 's most expensive production to date , but it ran for a comparatively disappointing 245 performances , until June 1894 , turning a very modest profit . The company then played first Mirette , composed by André Messager , then The Chieftain , by F. C. Burnand and Sullivan .
On the game 's first play , Tech committed a five yard false start penalty . Running back Shyrone Stith was stopped for a loss on the first non penalty play of the game , but Tech made up both that loss and the penalty when quarterback Michael Vick scrambled for 25 yards and a first down . Vick then ran for another nine yards , pushing the line of scrimmage near midfield . Tech executed an option run to Stith , who ran inside the Florida State 30 yard line . Tech picked up a few yards with a run up the middle , then Vick completed a pass to Davis , giving the Hokies a first down at the Florida State 13 yard line .
Germany was the most successful nation at the Games , which did much to support their allegations of Aryan supremacy , but notable victories by African American Jesse Owens , who won four gold medals , and Hungarian Jew Ibolya Csák , blunted the message . The Soviet Union did not participate until the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki . Instead , starting in 1928 , the Soviets organized an international sports event called Spartakiads . During the interwar period of the 1920s and 1930s , communist and socialist organizations in several countries , including the United States , attempted to counter what they called the " bourgeois " Olympics with the Workers Olympics .
In the Pacific , it occurs off Japan , Java , Australia and New Zealand , and the Hawaiian Islands . There is a single record of this species in the southern Atlantic , from off southern Brazil . An offshore , deepwater species , the kitefin shark is most common at a depth of 200 – 600 m ( 660 – 1,970 ft ) , but has been captured from the surface to as deep as 1,800 m ( 5,900 ft ) . Off the Azores this shark segregates by sex , with females most common around a depth of 230 m ( 750 ft ) and males most common around 412 – 448 m ( 1,352 – 1,470 ft ) .
However , by 1999 , attendance had fallen off so severely that the owners issued an ultimatum : buy more season tickets or the team would join its departed counterparts in Winnipeg and Quebec City in leaving for the United States . The fans responded by buying enough season tickets to keep the Flames in Calgary for the 1999 – 2000 season . The Flames issued another appeal for more season tickets in the summer of 2000 . The campaign , aimed at increasing season ticket sales from a franchise low of 8,700 to 14,000 , proved successful . The increased sales did not halt the Flames ' financial losses , however , as the team estimated it lost $ 14.5 million between 2001 and 2003 .
His hand withered from contact with the diabolic innards . The suggested parallels with Fenrir myths are the binding of an evil being by a ruler figure and the subsequent swallowing of the ruler figure by the evil being ( Odin and Fenrir ) , trickery involving the thrusting of a hand into a monster 's orifice and the affliction of the inserted limb ( Týr and Fenrir ) . Ethologist Valerius Geist wrote that Fenrir 's maiming and ultimate killing of Odin , who had previously nurtured him , was likely based on true experiences of wolf behaviour , seeing as wolves are genetically encoded to rise up the pack hierarchy and have on occasion been recorded to rebel against and kill their parents .
Following the battle , Harvey remained aboard Lion at Rosyth for the whole of 1915 and the first five months of 1916 , continuing his gunnery training and preparations for major fleet action . His preparations came to fruition on the last day of May , when the British fleet sailed to engage the main body of the German High Seas Fleet at the Battle of Jutland . Just after Dogger Bank , Harvey had written to a fellow RMLI officer in HMS Orion describing his experiences : Beatty 's battlecruisers led the British fleet in its attack , casting south into the North Sea to find the enemy during the afternoon of 31 May 1916 .
Because of the lawsuit , the decision was made to permit a nativity scene to be displayed in the rotunda of the state Capitol , in Olympia , as long as other symbols of the season were included . In 2013 , Gov. Rick Perry signed into Texas law the Merry Christmas bill which would allow school districts in Texas to display nativity scenes . In the United States , nativity figurines are sometimes stolen from outdoor public and private displays during the Christmas season in an act that is generally called Baby Jesus theft . The thefts are usually pranks with figurines recovered within a few hours or days of their disappearances .
Magic Books contains 61 tracks across two discs , with a total length of 1 : 51 : 57 ; Best of 's 10 tracks span 26 : 16 . The tracks in Best of correspond to tracks 8 , 1 , 3 , 9 , 19 , 25 , 12 , 18 , 27 , and 28 of the first disc of Magic Books , in that order . While neither album has seen much attention from critics , The Best of Chocobo and the Magic Book Original Soundtrack was dismissed by Chris of Square Enix Music Online as " not a worthwhile sampler " of the soundtrack .
Despite this , he praised the save system for letting players save the game at any point . Writing for GameSpot , Elliott Chin criticized the game for its confusing level design and insistence on playing a level again if the player misses a key . In a retrospective review , Martin Watts of NintendoLife stated that Turok 2 " is quite possibly the best third party effort ever released for Nintendo 64 . " GameSpot awarded Turok 2 the Shooting Game of the Year accolade for 1998 . A separate game developed by Bit Managers , also titled Turok 2 : Seeds of Evil , was released for the Game Boy Color in December 1998 .
In the playoffs , the Oilers managed to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in franchise history . Anderson and his team were matched up against the Islanders who were looking for a fourth consecutive Stanley Cup victory . During the Finals , Anderson had several noted run ins with Islanders goaltender Billy Smith . During game one , a slash on Anderson 's knee earned Smith a two minute slashing penalty . Anderson 's knee swelled up and prevented him from practicing the next day . In game four , when the two crashed into each other , Smith 's dive resulted in referee Andy Van Hellemond handing a five minute penalty to Anderson .
This property has been exploited for medicinal use in traditional healing and has resulted in the production of galantamine for the treatment of Alzheimer 's dementia . Long celebrated in art and literature , narcissi are associated with a number of themes in different cultures , ranging from death to good fortune , and as symbols of spring . The daffodil is the national flower of Wales and the symbol of cancer charities in many countries . The appearance of the wild flowers in spring is associated with festivals in many places . Narcissus is a genus of perennial herbaceous bulbiferous geophytes , dying back after flowering to an underground storage bulb .
At this time it was not routine for politicians to travel abroad ; McNary , with considerable influence in foreign affairs , had never left North America . Thus , there was much public attention on Willkie 's mission . He departed from New York Municipal Field for London on January 22 . Upon arrival , Willkie told the press , " I want to do all I can to get the United States to give England the utmost aid possible in her struggle " . Willkie saw the damage Nazi bombing had inflicted on Britain , visiting bombed out sites in London , Birmingham , Coventry , Manchester and Liverpool .
The collection includes God of War , God of War II , God of War III , Chains of Olympus , and Ghost of Sparta . It features two Blu ray Discs — God of War I and II on the first and III on the second — and a voucher to download Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta . The games retain the same features as their first PS3 releases . God of War III Remastered was first released in North America on July 14 , 2015 , for the PlayStation 4 — the franchise 's first appearance on the platform .
" In cities like Manchester , with unemployment problems , there are no alcohol venues where five thousand people under the age of sixteen are eccy 'd off their heads every Saturday night . " He has one son , Xavier , with his partner Melissa Lyne . He is also the first cousin of retired Adelaide Crows AFL footballer and current Adelaide media personality Chris McDermott . McDermott began busking in 1985 , which he says equipped him with useful experience and the ability to cope with most situations when he later started performing in clubs . He joined a group called Gigantic Fly which performed at a new Canberra club called Cafe Boom Boom .
John Gurney , who had just become the chairman of Luton Town following a takeover by a consortium from Hong Kong and the United States , briefly floated the idea of buying Wimbledon F.C. and merging it with Luton , in his words " effectively buying a back door to Division One " ( Luton were in the division below ) , but was soon after ousted by Luton supporters . In late June , after Wimbledon F.C. missed a deadline to invest in renovations to the Hockey Stadium , the National Hockey Foundation pulled out of discussions over the ground 's use , creating confusion as to where the club would now be located .
The Cardinals avoided a shutout when Walker hit a home run to center field off Foulke in the ninth inning , but Foulke retired the other three batters he faced in the inning to secure the win for the Red Sox 4 – 1 . On the same day the Red Sox won Game 3 , The Boston Globe ran a piece Dan Shaughnessy wrote that as this win brought the Red Sox on the verge of winning a World Series , how many people in New England were thinking about loved ones who had spent their entire lives rooting for the Red Sox and hoping that one day , they would see the Red Sox win a World Series .
This version , released on October 7 , 2013 , became the last version to be marketed by Symantec . Norton Internet Security , along with Norton Antivirus and Norton 360 , have been replaced with Norton Security . A version 22.5 update was released in June 2015 . It includes a restyled user interface and Windows 10 Support . In September 2014 Norton Internet Security was streamlined into Norton Security , as part of Symantec 's streamlined Norton line . Symantec has released a special edition of Norton Internet Security optimized for netbooks . This is available as download from the Symantec website or in a USB thumb drive .
Danny and Irving 's sixth books , East of Bangor and The Cider House Rules are both abortion novels set in a Maine orphanage which both later win an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay . Danny and Irving 's fiction are " both autobiographical and not autobiographical at the same time " , but Last Night in Twisted River is Irving 's most overtly autobiographical novel . Irving has explored what motivates novelists to write in many of his previous novels , but here , " [ a ] s he moves into what might be termed his late period " , Irving examines these issues far more closely , and bares his soul more than ever before .
The 11 track CD again excluded the work of Hosoe , instead sampling Kajiura 's pieces . Released on February 17 , 2005 , the album has a duration of 30 : 25 . The Movie Scene album reached position # 46 on the Japanese Oricon charts . In the liner notes for Movie Scene Soundtrack , Kajiura claims that she felt that her work for the game was different from her previous pieces , as it was more of a soundtrack , with the individual tunes fitting more closely together . She also said that she found it easier to compose tracks that fit with the worldview that Mitsuda had created for the first game , rather than invent her own .
It is located at Plaza del Carmen , at the eastern end of Recto Avenue , in Quiapo , Manila . In 1621 , Bernardino Castillo , a generous patron and a devotee of the 3rd century Roman martyr Saint Sebastian , donated the land upon which the church stands . The original structure , made of wood , burned in 1651 during a Chinese uprising . Succeeding structures , which were built of brick , were destroyed by fire and earthquakes in 1859 , 1863 , and 1880 . In the 1880s , Esteban Martínez , the parish priest of the ruined church , approached the Spanish architect Genaro Palacios , with a plan to build a fire and earthquake resistant structure made entirely of steel .
On August 29 , Atkinson 's force began moving up the Wisconsin River towards Portage , Wisconsin , where the hostile Ho Chunks had concentrated , while Whistler 's force converged on the same location from the north . On September 1 , 1827 , McKenney and Whistler 's force arrived at the Portage . On September 3 , two Ho Chunk leaders , Waukon Decorah and Carymaunee , surrendered Red Bird and Wekau to the Americans . Carymaunee asked the Americans not to put irons on Red Bird and Wekau ; this request was granted . He then offered to give the Americans twenty horses in exchange for the prisoners , but this was declined .
On 2 June 1384 , Robert resolved to send Walter Wardlaw , Bishop of Glasgow to the Anglo French peace talks , yet Carrick ignored this and allowed raids into the north of England to take place . Despite this , by 26 July , the Scots were part of the truce that would expire in October . Robert called a Council in September , probably for working out how to proceed when the truce concluded , and to decide how the war was to proceed thereafter . Robert 's son , John , Earl of Carrick , had become the foremost Stewart magnate south of the Forth just as Alexander , Earl of Buchan was in the north .
Paranoid 's chart success allowed the band to tour the US for the first time in October 1970 , which spawned the release of the album 's second single " Iron Man " . Although the single failed to reach the top 40 , " Iron Man " remains one of Black Sabbath 's most popular songs , as well as the band 's highest charting US single until 1998 's " Psycho Man " . In February 1971 , after a one off performance at the Myponga Pop Festival in Australia , Black Sabbath returned to the studio to begin work on their third album .
The show is a great success , and the football team wins the championship game . Emboldened by leading the team to the championship , Finn sets his eyes on a new prize : Quinn , who is in a serious relationship with football player and glee club member Sam Evans ( Chord Overstreet ) . After setting up a kissing booth ostensibly to raise money for the glee club , Finn succeeds in kissing Quinn , and they make an assignation . Although Quinn ultimately decides to stay with Sam , he finds out about her cheating on him with Finn , and breaks up with her .
In response , Hitler formally renounced his Austrian citizenship on 7 April 1925 . At the time of Hitler 's release from prison , politics in Germany had become less combative and the economy had improved , limiting Hitler 's opportunities for political agitation . As a result of the failed Beer Hall Putsch , the NSDAP and its affiliated organisations were banned in Bavaria . In a meeting with Prime Minister of Bavaria Heinrich Held on 4 January 1925 , Hitler agreed to respect the authority of the state and promised that he would seek political power only through the democratic process .
Pretty interesting stuff . It 's nice to finally have a reason to point at for Walter 's craziness " . Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly thought it " was one of the best Fringes yet for the way it wove its sci fi with its emotional subplots with such tight , artful braiding " . Television Without Pity rated it an A , while A.V. Club 's Noel Murray gave the episode an A- , explaining " This was , I think , the best Fringe of the season , and I ’ m only docking it a notch because it was less about themes and character than it was about plot .
It is listed as a landmark by the City of Berlin . At the Rungestraße corner of the park there is a historic fountain from a private garden in Hirschgarten . Moved to the park in 1971 , it was made in about 1860 and is known as the Neo Renaissance Fountain . It is currently enclosed for repairs . The Wusterhausener Bär ( or Wusterhausischer Bär ) is a small round tower , with tiled walls and a helmet shaped sandstone cupola topped with a carved trophy display of weaponry , which was formerly part of a weir regulating the water level in the ditch that formed part of the wall defences .
Gorbachev 's own plan was to replace Karmal with Mohammad Najibullah , who had joined the PDPA at its creation . Najibullah was thought highly of by Yuri Andropov , Boris Ponomarev and Dmitriy Ustinov , and negotiations for his succession may have started in 1983 . Najibullah was not the Soviet leadership 's only choice for Karmal 's succession ; a GRU report noted that the majority of the PDPA leadership would support Assadullah Sarwari 's ascension to leadership . According to the GRU , Sarwari was a better candidate as he could balance between the Pashtuns , Tajiks and Uzbeks ; Najibullah was a Pashtun nationalist .
The settlement did not go smoothly , and when Roman officials mishandled the situation , the Goths began to raid and plunder . Valens , attempting to put down the disorder , was killed fighting the Goths at the Battle of Adrianople on 9 August 378 . As well as the threat from such tribal confederacies from the north , internal divisions within the empire , especially within the Christian Church , caused problems . In 400 , the Visigoths invaded the Western Roman Empire and , although briefly forced back from Italy , in 410 sacked the city of Rome .
At 12 : 23 , the bombers broke out of a squall line , and Cousland in No. 81 immediately sighted the Rex . " There it is ! There it is ! " he transmitted by radio to the other pilots , " 81 to 80 , twelve o 'clock . " At 12 : 25 , as predicted , the B 17s flew by the Rex while it was 620 nautical miles ( 1,100 km ) east of Sandy Hook . The aircraft reversed course and came up the ship 's port side , with No. 82 flying wing on No. 80 " at smoke stack level " .
William R. Wood wrote in the Kalamazoo Gazette that " Clarke ’ s complex bass work is invigorating as he blends jazz , rock and funk " . Thom Jurek of Allmusic wrote that the album " feels more like a band record than anything [ Clarke has ] done in decades " . He praises Clarke 's choice in bandmates , calling them " prodigies in their own right " but does not praise the whole album . He called " Larry Has Traveled 11 Miles and Waited a Lifetime for the Return of Vishnu 's Report " a " clumsy , failed attempt at summing up the music 's history to date " and that " Bass Folk Song No. 6 " does not " work [ as ] well " as some of the other tracks but " these are minor complaints on an otherwise fine recording " .
In the GT1 class , Aston Martin achieved its first win over the Corvette since returning to the event in 2005 . The GT2 class was a battle between Ferrari and Porsche , won by Porsche . The race was attended by over 250,000 spectators . Between the 2006 and 2007 races , the Circuit de la Sarthe was upgraded , most obviously by the reprofiling of the Tertre Rouge corner . The new corner was moved inward , to create a long flowing curve instead of the single point apex it had been previously , shortening the lap distance by 21 meters to a revised 13.629 km .
The Portuguese were the first traders , then the Dutch and finally the British . Prior to European contact , Igbo trade routes stretched as far as Mecca , Medina and Jeddah on the continent . The transatlantic slave trade , which took place between the 16th and late 19th centuries , had huge effects on the Igbo because so many young people were taken , and warfare increased for the taking of captives . Most Igbo slaves were taken from the Bight of Biafra ( also known as the Bight of Bonny ) . This area included modern day southeastern Nigeria , Western Cameroon , Equatorial Guinea and parts of Northern Gabon .
Under the supervision of Dr. Derek Shepherd ( Patrick Dempsey ) , Lexie works with Mercy West resident Dr. April Kepner ( Sarah Drew ) on a burglar , and the two get in several disagreements , leading Lexie to steal her diary . Dr. Alex Karev ( Justin Chambers ) and Adamson continuously argue over the course of treatment for a patient , leading the patient 's daughter to yell at them in disbelief . Angry about the revelation that Percy ( who later aplogized saying that they can be friends outside the hospital , but not inside ) was using her , Stevens accidentally administers the wrong dialysis to a patient , making her an unviable candidate for the kidney transplant she was scheduled to receive .
Sergio produced light rainfall along the coast of Mexico , though its effects were minimal . The formation of Sergio marked the 2006 season as the busiest in 12 years and the first season in which more than one tropical storm formed in November . Sergio , in addition to being the strongest hurricane after November 1 , was also the longest lived Pacific tropical cyclone in November , lasting a total of seven days . A tropical wave crossed Central America and entered the eastern Pacific Ocean on November 7 . An area of convection along the wave tracked westward to the south of Central America and Mexico , and became more concentrated on November 12 while located about 400 miles ( 645 km ) south of Acapulco .
The production of the second important isotope 247Bk involves the irradiation of the rare isotope 244Cm with high energy alpha particles . Just over one gram of berkelium has been produced in the United States since 1967 . There is no practical application of berkelium outside of scientific research which is mostly directed at the synthesis of heavier transuranic elements and transactinides . A 22 milligram batch of berkelium 249 was prepared during a 250 day irradiation period and then purified for a further 90 days at Oak Ridge in 2009 . This sample was used to synthesize the element ununseptium for the first time in 2009 at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research , Russia , after it was bombarded with calcium 48 ions for 150 days .
The pair took photographs of each other that , for the time , would have been considered explicit . For Hindley , this demonstrated a marked change from her earlier , more shy and prudish nature . Hindley claimed that Brady began to talk about " committing the perfect murder " in July 1963 , and often spoke to her about Meyer Levin 's Compulsion , published as a novel in 1956 and adapted for the cinema in 1959 . The story tells a fictionalised account of the Leopold and Loeb case , two young men from well to do families who attempt to commit the perfect murder of a 12 year old boy , and escape the death penalty because of their age .
Rehearsals for the band 's third album , Nursery Cryme , took place at Luxford House near Crowborough , East Sussex that Stratton Smith had owned . Recording began at Trident Studios in August 1971 with Anthony and Hentschel reprising their respective roles as producer and assistant engineer . The band 's sound evolved with Hackett 's more aggressive electric guitar work and Banks adding a Mellotron to his set of keyboards that King Crimson previously owned . The opening track , " The Musical Box " , originated when Phillips and Mayhew were in the group . The band developed the piece further including the addition of new guitar parts from Hackett .
It might possibly be a consequence of different forms of initiation of warriors , where one part seemed to have belonged to Óðinn and the other to Freyja . These examples indicate that Freyja was a war goddess , and she even appears as a valkyrie , literally ' the one who chooses the slain ' . Siegfried Andres Dobat comments that " in her mythological role as the chooser of half the fallen warriors for her death realm Fólkvangr , the goddess Freyja , however , emerges as the mythological role model for the Valkyrjar and the dísir . " Early in the 20th century , Karl Ernst Osthaus developed the " Folkwang Gedanke " or " Folkwang Konzept " , that art and life can be reconciled .
News items reported that West Nohno also visited Teneriffe , Accra , Las Palmas , Grand Bassam , Seccondee , and Saint Vincent . West Nohno was still on African routes as late as 1928 , when the USSB began accepting bids for the purchase of the American West African Line . From 1928 to 1941 , little is known about West Nohno 's activities . At some point during this period , she was laid up as part of a reserve fleet , in which she remained as late as 1939 . By May 1941 , now under ownership of the United States Maritime Commission ( USMC ) ( a successor to the USSB ) , the ship had been reactivated and was scheduled to sail in Red Sea service under the operation of American Export Lines .
General Franz Halder , the Army 's Chief of Staff , described the speech : Struggle between two ideologies . Scathing evaluation of Bolshevism , equals antisocial criminality . Communism immense future danger ... This a fight to the finish . If we do not accept this , we shall beat the enemy , but in thirty years we shall again confront the Communist foe . We don 't make war to preserve the enemy ... Struggle against Russia : Extermination of Bolshevik Commissars and of the Communist intelligentsia ... Commissars and GPU personnel are criminals and must be treated as such .
The first DVD release by ADV Films was the eight disk Perfect Collection in 2002 , containing the original 26 installments . In 2004 , ADV released two DVD compilations titled Neon Genesis Evangelion : Resurrection and Neon Genesis : Reborn , encompassing the directors ' cuts of Episodes 21 through 24 . In the same year , the Platinum Edition release was announced by ADV in 2004 , consisting of seven DVDs released between July 27 , 2004 and April 19 , 2005 . The Platinum Edition contained the original 26 episodes and the four " Director 's cut " versions of episodes 21 to 24 .
Myrmecologist William Brown , Jr . , was perhaps the first person to question the monophyly of the genus , mentioning that the Argentine ant , a former member of Iridomyrmex , differed from the rest of the genus . The first proper revisions of the genus began in the 1990s , and 91 species were transferred to six genera ; only 62 species remained after these revisions . These species were placed into the genera Anonychomyrma , Doleromyrma , Linepithema , Ochetellus , Papyrius and Philidris . In 2011 , the genus was revised again , and 79 species and five extinct species were now present , 31 of which were newly described .
At the centre is an image of John Wisden . To Wisden 's left is a smaller figure of a batsman taking guard , while to Wisden 's right is a bowler in his delivery stride . Directly below Wisden is a plaque , on either side of which are the emblems of the English and West Indian teams . The plaque reads : Named after the West Indian bowler Malcolm Marshall , this trophy has been awarded to the leading wicket taker of the series since 2000 . The player who wins it also receives £ 1,360 , but if he surpasses Marshall 's record of 35 wickets set in 1988 he stands to earn £ 34,000 .
The bank , which held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund , failed during Hobbs ' time there . Ben Olcott , who was the Secretary of State and a member of the State Land Board , was charged with protecting the Common School Fund , and was involved in negotiating with the failing bank over the State 's assets . He took note of Hobbs ' strong loyalty to her employer . After the bank 's failure , Hobbs worked as a governess for J. Wesley Ladd ( brother of William S. Ladd ) in Portland . She also helped raise her younger brother and sister , studied stenography and the law , and worked as a secretary .
T. erectofrons was assigned to Corythosaurus based largely on biometric information . The only non typic specimen of Tetragonosaurus , assigned to T. erectofrons , was found later to be referable to Hypacrosaurus , although the holotype of the species was still found to be assignable to Corythosaurus . Corythosaurus was an ornithopod , and therefore a herbivore . Benson et al . ( 2012 ) realized that the beak of Corythosaurus was shallow and delicate , and concluded that it must have been used to feed upon soft vegetation . Based on the climate of the Late Cretaceous , they guessed that Corythosaurus would have been a selective feeder , eating only the juiciest fruits and youngest leaves .
Diana tells him that she will have a lot of job offers in New York , but Paul says that no one will be interested as she is toxic . Diana 's plane ticket is cancelled and she is thrown out of the hotel by Paul . She asks Declan for help and he tells her that Paul keeps his business papers in the home safe . Diana kisses Paul , and at the same time she takes his house keys from his pocket and she breaks into his house . Diana does not find anything and , in anger , she smashes Paul 's possessions .
They are former WWE Tag Team Champions and World Tag Team Champions . Their 2006 2007 reign as WWE Tag Team Champions was the longest in the title 's history , until their record was broken by The New Day on July 20 , 2016 . They first began teaming together in 2003 as a part of WWE , but Kendrick left the company shortly thereafter . When he returned in mid 2005 , he and London reunited as a tag team . In May 2006 the duo won the WWE Tag Team Championship from MNM ; it was Kendrick 's first title victory with the company , and London 's third .
One of the issues covers had a picture of Ash Williams ( played by Bruce Campbell in the films ) in the style of the " Hope " poster with the bottom text reading " Hope ? " Fairey was also commissioned to create a number of works in the same style . He produced two other versions , based on different photographs , officially on behalf of the Obama campaign , and another to serve as the cover of the Person of the Year issue of Time . He also created a portrait of comedian Stephen Colbert in the same style , which appeared in an issue of Entertainment Weekly honoring Colbert 's television show The Colbert Report .
The " tail " is only possessed by the male and is an extension of the cloaca and used to inseminate the female . This frog lives in fast flowing streams and internal fertilisation prevents the sperm from being washed away before fertilisation occurs . The sperm may be retained in storage tubes attached to the oviduct until the following spring . Most frogs can be classified as either prolonged or explosive breeders . Typically , prolonged breeders congregate at a breeding site , the males usually arriving first , calling and setting up territories . Other satellite males remain quietly nearby , waiting for their opportunity to take over a territory .
Guide and shuttle services are also available . Fishing is popular in the park . Some of the finest fly fishing in North America can be found in the streams that flow through Glacier National Park . Though the park requires that those fishing understand the regulations , no permit is required to fish the waters within the park boundary . The threatened bull trout must be released immediately back to the water if caught ; otherwise , the regulations on limits of catch per day are liberal . Winter recreation in Glacier is limited . Snowmobiling is illegal throughout the park .
The stadium was originally named Seahawks Stadium . The name was changed to Qwest Field in June 2004 after the telecommunications carrier bought the naming rights for $ 75 million for a period of 15 years . According to the agreement , the proceeds must be used for maintenance and upgrades . A portion of any profit then goes into a $ 10 million fund Allen guaranteed for youth playfields . Due to CenturyLink 's recent acquisition of Qwest , the stadium was officially renamed CenturyLink Field on June 23 , 2011 . There is speculation as to if there will be a new nickname for the venue .
By 1530 UTC on September 15 , forecasters predicted that the hurricane would hit North Carolina in 12 hours and ordered hurricane warnings from Wilmington , North Carolina to Cape Hatteras . At the same time , the storm warning was expanded northward to Boston , Massachusetts , and later to Eastport , Maine . The early warnings gave ample time for preparation for the storm in Norfolk , reducing damages considerably . Residents in Virginia evacuated farther inland to escape the storm . The outer rainbands of the hurricane dropped moderate to heavy rainfall , peaking at 12.6 in ( 320 mm ) in Cape Hatteras .
Gebirgsjäger Regiment ) and the headquarters of the 3rd Mountain Division ( 3 . Gebirgs Division ) to seize Narvik . The ships began loading troops on 6 April and sailed the next day . Giese fell behind the rest of Group 1 as the result of oil leaks , machinery breakdowns , and contaminated fuel oil . She fell further behind when Lieutenant Commander ( Korvettenkapitän ) Karl Smidt turned the ship about to recover a soldier who had been washed overboard by the high seas . Giese had little usable fuel left by this time and was forced to continue at a slower speed to conserve fuel .
There are a few surviving examples of books printed in the late Song Dynasty using movable type printing . This includes Zhou Bida 's Notes of The Jade Hall ( 玉堂雜記 ) printed in 1193 using the method of baked clay movable type characters outlined in the Dream Pool Essays . Yao Shu ( 1201 – 1278 ) , an advisor to Kublai Khan , once persuaded a disciple Yang Gu to print philological primers and Neo Confucian texts by using what he termed the " movable type of Shen Kuo " . Wang Zhen ( fl . 1290 – 1333 ) , who wrote the valuable agricultural , scientific , and technological treatise of the Nong Shu , mentioned an alternative method of baking earthenware type with earthenware frames in order to make whole blocks .
Though Stelmach pledged not to do anything to curb the development of the oilsands , he did promise to review royalty rates — the rates paid by oil companies for the privilege of extracting Alberta 's oil . He also committed to reducing the proportion of bitumen that left Alberta to be upgraded out of province , likening the export of bitumen to " scraping off the top soil " from farmland . Soon after becoming Premier , he commissioned the Alberta Royalty Review panel to make recommendations on the province 's royalty regime ; opposition politicians had accused the government of undercharging substantially .
Secondly , they were " pictorial " , placing the action on spectacular and elaborate sets ( requiring lengthy pauses for scene changes ) and with the frequent use of tableaux . Henry Irving 's 1882 production at the Lyceum Theatre ( with himself as Romeo and Ellen Terry as Juliet ) is considered an archetype of the pictorial style . In 1895 , Sir Johnston Forbes Robertson took over from Irving , and laid the groundwork for a more natural portrayal of Shakespeare that remains popular today . Forbes Robertson avoided the showiness of Irving and instead portrayed a down to earth Romeo , expressing the poetic dialogue as realistic prose and avoiding melodramatic flourish .
George Takei as Hikaru Sulu , the Enterprise 's helmsman . In his autobiography , Takei described the film 's shooting schedule as " astonishingly luxurious " , but noted that frequent script rewrites during production " usually favored Bill " [ Shatner ] . Persis Khambatta as Ilia , the Deltan navigator of the Enterprise . Khambatta was originally cast in the role when The Motion Picture was a television pilot . She took the role even after Roddenberry warned her that she would have to shave her head completely for filming . Stephen Collins as Willard Decker , the new commanding officer of the Enterprise at the start of the film .
The use of steamboats along the river , beginning with the British Beaver in 1836 and followed by American vessels in 1850 , contributed to the rapid settlement and economic development of the region . Steamboats operated in several distinct stretches of the river : on its lower reaches , from the Pacific Ocean to Cascades Rapids ; from the Cascades to Celilo Falls ; from Celilo to the confluence with the Snake River ; on the Wenatchee Reach of eastern Washington ; on British Columbia 's Arrow Lakes ; and on tributaries like the Willamette , the Snake and Kootenay Lake .
Before the end of the eighteenth century , man did not exist any more than the potency of life , the fecundity of labour , or the historical density of language . He is a quite recent creature , which the demiurge of knowledge fabricated with its own hands less than two hundred years ago : but he has grown old so quickly that it has been only too easy to imagine that he had been waiting for thousands of years in the darkness for that moment of illumination in which he would finally be known . Foucault 's analysis of Las Meninas , although on one level a contribution to art history , is more about epistemology , specifically the ' cognitive status of the modern human sciences ' , based on the possibility , suggested by Ludwig Wittgenstein , that a picture is a model of reality ( TLP 2.22 ) Many aspects of Las Meninas relate to earlier works by Velázquez in which he plays with conventions of representation .
The ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) is another midbrain area . The most prominent group of VTA dopaminergic neurons projects to the prefrontal cortex via the mesocortical pathway and another smaller group projects to the nucleus accumbens via the mesolimbic pathway . Together , these two pathways are collectively termed the mesocorticolimbic projection . The VTA also sends dopaminergic projections to the amygdala , cingulate gyrus , hippocampus , and olfactory bulb . Mesocorticolimbic neurons play a central role in reward and other aspects of motivation . The posterior hypothalamus has dopamine neurons that project to the spinal cord , but their function is not well established .
This allows for comparisons to be made between known areas of bog turtle success and potential areas of future habitation . To help the existing colonies rebound , several private projects have been initiated in an attempt to limit the encroachment of overshadowing trees and bushes , the construction of new highways and neighborhoods , and other natural and man made threats . Methods used to recreate the bog turtle 's habitat include : controlled burns to limit the growth of overshadowing trees and underbrush ( thus bringing the habitat back to early successional ) ; grazing livestock such as cows and goats in the desired habitat area ( creating pockets of water and freshly churned mud ) ; and promoting beaver activity , including dam construction in and around wetlands .
" Martin Simons states that Locke " suggested , both by implication and explicitly , that a boy 's education should be along the lines already followed by some girls of the intelligent genteel classes . " Rather than sending boys to schools which would ignore their individual needs and teach them little of value , Locke argues that they should be taught at home as girls already were and " should learn useful and necessary crafts of the house and estate . " Like his contemporary Mary Astell , Locke believed that women could and should be taught to be rational and virtuous .
Highway 400 had been completed to Jane Street in 1966 ( alongside the expansion of Highway 401 ) but plans to extend Highway 400 further south to the Gardiner Expressway were cancelled after several citizens groups protested the proposal in the 1970s . Black Creek Drive was built along the empty right of way and transferred to Metro Toronto in 1982 . North of Maple Leaf Drive , the highway shifts northwestward , but then turns approximately northward at Highway 401 . At the interchange with the 401 , Highway 400 widens to twelve lanes . It continues north through Toronto , shedding two lanes at Finch Avenue .
The Times Picayune editor , Keith Spera , felt that the singer " lofted " the song in its live renditions . On January 14 , 2014 American singer Sam Tsui released an acoustic cover version of " Pretty Hurts " on the iTunes Store . An early instrumental of " Pretty Hurts " was used for Gucci 's Chime for Change campaign in 2013 , before the song 's official release . At the time , it served as an audio accompaniment for the campaign 's films . On June 3 , Dutch disc jockey R3hab released an uptempo electro house remix of the song during a concert for Gucci 's Chime for Change , in honor of the one year anniversary of its launching .
In addition to carrying construction materials for the reservoir and pumping station it also provided passenger services . Later the railway was used to bring coal for the pumps . Passenger traffic ceased in 1931 and the line to Blagdon closed completely in 1950 . The lake is relatively shallow , with an average depth of 14 ft ( 4.3 m ) and only 42 ft ( 13 m ) at its deepest point near the dam at the west end of the lake . The eastern end is the shallowest where the River Yeo enters . It is a hard water area with high mineral content that is vulnerable to eutrophication in the summer , that can cause algal blooms , with transient water layers .
In the battle of American Kong versus Japanese Kong on April 30 at Limit Break . At the promotion 's ninth anniversary event Aja Kong won the match but gained enough respect for Amazing Kong that the two attacked both competitors in the main event , revealing themselves as a new tag team named W Kong . The duo soon made their presence felt when they challenged Chigusa Nagayo and Lioness Asuka for the AAAW Tag Team Championship on May 5 and won . The team defended the championship successfully all Summer , eventually losing to Manami Toyota and Carlos Amano on September 20 .
Intellectuals regularly found themselves in the Marshalsea . The playwright Ben Jonson , a friend of Shakespeare , was jailed in 1597 for The Isle of Dogs , a play that was immediately suppressed , with no extant copies ; on 28 July that year the Privy Council was told it was a " lewd plaie that was plaied in one of the plaie houses on the Bancke Side , contaynynge very seditious and sclandrous matter . " The poet Christopher Brooke was jailed in 1601 for helping 17 year old Ann More marry John Donne without her father 's consent .
The Zafimaniry communities of the central highland montane forests are the only Malagasy ethnic group who have preserved the island 's original wooden architectural traditions ; their craft was added to the UNESCO list of Intangible Cultural Heritage in 2003 . As wood became scarce over time , wooden houses became the privilege of the noble class in certain communities , as exemplified by the homes of the Merina nobility in the 19th century Kingdom of Madagascar . The use of stone as a building material was traditionally limited to the construction of tombs , a significant feature of the cultural landscape in Madagascar due to the prominent position occupied by ancestors in Malagasy cosmology .
Bethesda stressed that there was no nudity in their game without a modification , that the company " didn 't create a game with nudity " and did not intend for nudity to appear in their game . " Bethesda can not control tampering with Oblivion by third parties , " the press release concluded . The British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) , the ESRB 's counterpart in the United Kingdom , did not change its rating of 15 . " Were it the case that the developer themselves had included and failed to disclose certain modifications of content , a recall may be required , but not as a result of a patch that has been placed on the Internet by a third party , " a BBFC spokesperson told GamesIndustry.biz reporters on May 4 , 2006 .
There is heavy competition between foot and bus traffic on Oxford Street , which is the main east west bus corridor through Central London . Around 175,000 people get on or off a bus on Oxford Street every day , along with 43,000 further through passengers . Taxis are popular , particularly along the stretch between Oxford Circus and Selfridges . Between 2009 and 2012 , there were 71 accidents involving traffic and pedestrians . In 2016 , a report suggested buses generally did not travel faster than 4.6 miles per hour ( 7.4 km / h ) , compared to a typical pedestrian speed of 3.1 miles per hour ( 5.0 km / h ) .
The event later became known as " The Day the Music Died " , after singer songwriter Don McLean so referred to it in his 1971 song " American Pie " . At the time , Holly and his band , consisting of Waylon Jennings , Tommy Allsup , and Carl Bunch , were playing on the " Winter Dance Party " tour across the Midwest . Rising artists Valens and Richardson had joined the tour as well . The long journeys between venues on board the cold , uncomfortable tour buses adversely affected the performers , with cases of flu and even frostbite .
She then returned to Gibraltar and escorted the aircraft carriers Argus and Ark Royal during Operations Coat and White in November . On 21 November , the light cruiser Despatch , Forester and Faulknor intercepted the Vichy French blockade runner MV Charles Plumier and escorted her to Gibraltar . The ship escorted Force F to Malta during Operation Collar later in the month and participated in the inconclusive Battle of Cape Spartivento on 27 November . In early January , she screened Force H during Operation Excess and rescued the crew of a shot down Italian bomber on 9 January .
Sugar composed the music for all four , and wrote the lyrics ( Sanchez co wrote the lyrics for " Oh Bubblegum " ) . Sugar recorded demos for the songs and Rob Sugar , Rebecca 's father , released the three new demos on his official YouTube account . For the demo for " I Remember You " , Sugar recorded vocals over a separate track of her playing an omnichord ; Sugar 's ominchord playing was eventually worked directly into the episode . According to Rob , the " off key notes were accidents of running out of power — it took a lot of tries to make it happen on cue .
Sebastian Vettel expressed satisfaction with his car , saying that he had hoped to be able to catch Hamilton towards the end of the race . However , he was disappointed by not having both Ferrari cars on the podium . Sergio Pérez said that he had been " really unhappy " with himself until the last lap that handed him third place , calling the result " just amazing " . He would later go on to call the race " the best moment in my career " . After the race , Sebastian Vettel criticised Lewis Hamilton for what he believed was excessive low speed at the restart after the safety car period , calling his behaviour " ridiculous " .
It was certified double platinum by the Productores de Música de España ( PROMUSICAE ) , indicating sales of 80,000 copies . " Halo " entered the UK Singles Chart at number 98 for the week ending February 21 , 2009 ; over a period of seven weeks , it climbed to number 4 on March 29 , 2009 ( for the week ending April 4 , 2009 ) . It spent almost one year in the top 100 of UK Singles Chart ; 44 non consecutive weeks after its debut , it was at number 94 on March 4 , 2012 , before dropping out the following week .
In a change of plans , Taylor was asked during a call on September 3 , 1938 , leave to come to the studios as soon as possible . He left New York City for Los Angeles by train two days later for a month 's visit . Taylor arrived at the studio one day after a series of meetings began to select the musical pieces for The Concert Feature . Disney made story writers Joe Grant and Dick Huemer gather a preliminary selection of music and along with Stokowski , Taylor , and the heads of various departments , discussed their ideas .
The highway links Lake Cle Elum to Roslyn , Cle Elum and SR 970 , which provides access to Interstate 90 . The highway has existed as a numbered highway since at least 1939 , however a highway linking Lake Cle Elum to Cle Elum has existed since 1897 . The Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) had previously considered turning control of the highway over to Kittitas County , however this never happened , and WSDOT continues to maintain the highway . SR 903 begins at an intersection with SR 970 just north of the Interstate 90 ( I 90 ) / SR 970 interchange , headed westerly into the town of Cle Elum .
Before she and Tony depart , the new Mossad director , Orli Elbaz ( Marina Sirtis ) , arrives in hopes of collaborating with the agency in the search for Bodnar . Ziva frostily congratulates her for her promotion and declines an offer to put her in contact with Mossad operatives in Rome . Elbaz informs Gibbs and Director Vance that five Mossad officers went rogue following Eli 's assassination in support of Bodnar 's attempted coup d 'état . She explains that Mantel had been investigating the situation when he was killed , and Vance hesitantly grants her request for cooperation among the agencies .
Murasaki would have distributed newly written chapters of Genji to friends who in turn would have re copied them and passed them on . By this practice the story became known and she gained a reputation as an author . In her early to mid thirties , she became a lady in waiting ( nyōbō ) at court , most likely because of her reputation as an author . Chieko Mulhern writes in Japanese Women Writers , a Biocritical Sourcebook that scholars have wondered why Murasaki made such a move at a comparatively late period in her life . Her diary evidences that she exchanged poetry with Michinaga after her husband 's death , leading to speculation that the two may have been lovers .
" We broke up in ' 82 because we decided we better just back out or we would ruin what was left of the band ’ s image , " said Betts . The band 's final performance came on Saturday Night Live in January 1982 , where they performed " Southbound " and " Leavin ' . " The members regrouped occasionally in the intervening years ; in 1986 , Betts and Allman toured together , with each opening for one another and collaborating for a set . Allman 's solo career began looking up when he released his first solo album in over a decade in 1987 , I 'm No Angel .
The front part of the skull ( rostrum ) is heavily built . The species is named after the collector who first found it , Gilbert Hammond . He supplied natural history specimens to Oldfield Thomas and others . In 1913 , Oldfield Thomas of the British Museum of Natural History ( BMNH ) in London published the first description of Mindomys hammondi , using two specimens collected at Mindo in Pichincha Province , Ecuador , in 1913 by Gilbert Hammond . He named the species Nectomys hammondi , classifying it in the genus Nectomys , which at the time included not only the large water rats currently placed in it , but also Sigmodontomys alfari and Oryzomys dimidiatus .
When a photo of Grable is found , the agents discover that he is Roland 's identical twin brother . Speaking to Roland again , Mulder becomes convinced that the janitor is being periodically controlled by Grable . Meanwhile , Nollette sneaks into the cryogenic facility and tampers with Grable 's storage unit , thawing his remains . Roland returns to the lab and is in the process of pushing the prototype engine to mach 15 when Nollette enters . Nollette admits to stealing Grable 's work and prepares to shoot Roland , but is distracted by some equations . Roland strikes him with a computer keyboard and drags him into the wind tunnel .
The station was taken into use on 24 November 1997 , but not officially opened until 4 January 1998 . On the day of the official opening , the bus terminal was taken into use . The station costs NOK 35 million . At the time , it was estimated to have about 6000 daily users — both boarding and disembarking , including the bus terminal . The station is located in the residential area of Mortensrud , in Søndre Nordstrand . Mortensrud is an open station without any barriers and free access from the bus stops . The station area is one storey below from the surrounding area .
The 89th Military Police Group was constituted in the Regular Army on 19 February 1966 and activated on 15 March of that year in the Republic of Vietnam . The mission of the 89th Military Police Group was to provide general military police support for the III Corps and IV Corps Tactical Zones . The group stayed in Vietnam in support of the two corps ' areas of operation . As the group was a supporting unit , it never saw front line combat . However , it did receive all 15 campaign streamers that could be earned for Vietnam service .
However , in spite of his belief that free will can be turned to evil , Augustine maintained that it is vital for humans to have free will , because they could not live well without it . He argued that evil could come from humans because , although humans contained no evil , they were also not perfectly good and hence could be corrupted . Augustine believed that a physical Hell exists , but that physical punishment is secondary to the punishment of being separated from God . He proposed two reasons for this : Firstly , humans have free will , and only those who choose to follow God will be forgiven and able to avoid Hell .
Preceding this in June 2007 , the network announced their intention to show National Nine News on WIN WA , due to the rise of yet another joint venture station , Ten West . This was its 3rd digital only Ten affiliate with both WIN and GWN taking charge . A conflict between WIN and its long time metropolitan counterpart the Nine Network arose in mid 2007 . PBL Media , Nine 's parent company , requested up to 40 % of the network 's advertising revenue in return for program supply . WIN 's owner , WIN Corporation rejected this offer , expecting to pay only 29 % ( a 3 % decrease from the previous contract and in line with many of the network 's competitors , such as Prime Television and Southern Cross Ten ) .
Because of their long association with humans , cockroaches are frequently referred to in popular culture . In Western culture , cockroaches are often depicted as dirty pests . In a 1750 – 1752 journal , Peter Osbeck noted that cockroaches were frequently seen and found their way to the bakeries , after the sailing ship Gothenburg ran aground and was destroyed by rocks . Donald Harington 's satirical novel The Cockroaches of Stay More ( Harcourt , 1989 ) imagines a community of " roosterroaches " in a mythical Ozark town where the insects are named after their human counterparts .
There are four types of highways maintained by MDOT as part of the overall State Trunkline Highway System . In addition , there are systems of roads maintained by the federal government and local counties . There are frequent overlaps between designations when different types of highways share the same stretch of pavement in concurrencies . As just one example of the phenomenon , the freeway between Flint and Standish carries both the I 75 and US 23 designations for around 75 miles ( 121 km ) . The State Trunkline Highway System comprises four types of highways : Michigan 's portions of the Interstate Highway System and United States Numbered Highway System ( US Highways ) , and the regular state trunklines ; the fourth type , special routes , are variations of the other three types of highway , and are distinguished by special plates placed above the route marker .
Repeated iterations of the algorithm , using the output of the function ( <formula> ) as the input of the next iteration , cause the algorithm to converge on the root with increasing precision . For the purposes of the Quake III engine , only one iteration was used . A second iteration remained in the code but was commented out . As noted above , the approximation is surprisingly accurate . The graph on the right plots the error of the function ( that is , the error of the approximation after it has been improved by running one iteration of Newton 's method ) , for inputs starting at 0.01 , where the standard library gives 10.0 as a result , while InvSqrt ( ) gives 9.982522 , making the difference 0.017479 , or 0.175 % .
There is one primary school , but the nearest high schools are in Dingwall and Alness . It has one convenience store , a post office , one public inns ( Balconie Inn ) a bus stop and an ATM . The village hall is named the ' Diamond Jubilee Hall . ' The community owns and manages the local woodland . Evanton lies within the ancient parish of Kiltearn ( Gd : Cill Tighearna ) , within the medieval lands known as Ferindonald ( Fearann Dhòmhnaill ) in the heart of the old " Earldom " of Ross . Traditionally , Ferindonald is supposed to be derived from a grant of King Máel Coluim III to Donald Munro of Foulis ( Domhnall mac an Rothaich ) , the legendary progenitor of Clan Munro .
Before the end of the year , the V Squadron was once again transferred to the Baltic . Prince Heinrich ordered a foray toward Gotland . On 26 December 1914 , the battleships rendezvoused with the Baltic cruiser division in the Bay of Pomerania and then departed on the sortie . Two days later , the fleet arrived off Gotland to show the German flag , and was back in Kiel by 30 December . Kaiser Karl der Grosse briefly replaced her sister Kaiser Wilhelm II as the squadron flagship , from 23 January 1915 to 23 February . The squadron returned to the North Sea for guard duties , but was withdrawn from front line service by February .
Straley stated that the audio is vital to some scenes in the game ; " It 's more about the psychology of what 's happening on the audioscape than what you 're seeing , " he stated . He felt that this decision allowed a more impactful and meaningful effect with sound occurred . The sound team also attempted to portray the game 's dark themes through sound . The team felt that it was important to let sounds play for as long as possible in the game , drawing tension . The team used a propagation technique to help players determine the exact locations of enemies , using this as a tactical advantage .
The defendants received sentences ranging from four years to ten years imprisonment , although only five defendants were in court to hear the verdict as six defendants were still on the run after escaping and another was being treated at Ashworth Secure Hospital . Following the second trial , a further 26 defendants were still due to be tried on charges relating to the riot . The Crown Prosecution Service accepted plea bargains where defendants pleaded guilty to violent disorder in exchange for the dropping of other charges , or in some cases all charges were dropped completely . On 20 September 1993 the last remaining defendant to maintain a plea of not guilty went on trial , and he was convicted of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm and sentenced to thirty months imprisonment .
" Ono became pregnant in 1968 and miscarried a male child they named John Ono Lennon II on 21 November 1968 , a few weeks after Lennon 's divorce from Cynthia was granted . During Lennon 's last two years in the Beatles , he and Ono began public protests against the Vietnam War . They were married in Gibraltar on 20 March 1969 , and spent their honeymoon at the Hilton Amsterdam campaigning with a week long Bed In for Peace . They planned another Bed In in the United States , but were denied entry , so held one instead at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal , where they recorded " Give Peace a Chance " .
" Larry Flick from The Advocate felt that " American Life is an album that is among her most adventurous and lyrically intelligent " while condemning it as " a lazy , half arsed effort to sound and take her seriously . " The title song peaked at number 37 on the Hot 100 . Its original music video was canceled as Madonna thought that the video , featuring violence and war imagery , would be deemed unpatriotic since America was then at war with Iraq . With four million copies sold worldwide , American Life was the lowest selling album of her career at that point .
When Mega Man regains consciousness in Dr. Light 's lab , his creator informs him that he must have been rescued by Proto Man , and his notes reveal that Proto Man is in fact Mega Man 's older brother . Mega Man 3 retains the platforming and action game elements established by the two Mega Man games released before it . The player controls the protagonist Mega Man as he traverses eight selectable stages . The player 's primary blaster weapon is used to fend off the game 's numerous enemies . Several power ups can be picked up in each stage , including life energy , special weapon ammunition , extra lives , and " E Tanks " , which are stored and can be selected to completely refill the player 's life energy .
" " Cocktails " included recurring guest star Michael Patrick McGill as Kenny Anderson , who called working on The Office " a blast . " Other guest stars included Dan Cole as Dan Gore , Owen Daniels as the Wallaces ' son , and Jean Villepique as Rachel Wallace . The season three DVD contains a number of deleted scenes . Notable cut scenes included Stanley reacting violently when he sees Ryan talking to his daughter Melissa ; Pam and Roy talking about her Dunder Mifflin painting , the talking head interview with Jan over relationships , Dwight 's upstairs house inspection , and his conversation with the CFO 's son ; and Michael showing off his framed " love contract " .
A slight shift in the wind allowed Leissègues to adjust his direction to the southwest , but the close presence of the land restricted French movements and at 10 : 10 Superb was able to open fire on Alexandre . With the British flagship engaged with the leading French vessel , Northumberland opened fire on the next in line , Leissègues ' flagship Impérial . The French ship carried 120 guns to Northumberland 's 74 , but Cochrane engaged closely , rapidly supported by Spencer , which opened fire on Impérial and Diomède simultaneously . For 15 minutes the British continued to close , both squadrons sailing westwards along the coast with the wind .
Though admitted to graduate standing at Johns Hopkins University in 1928 , she was forced to remain at the Pennsylvania College for Women for her senior year due to financial difficulties ; she graduated magna cum laude in 1929 . After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory , she continued her studies in zoology and genetics at Johns Hopkins in the fall of 1929 . After her first year of graduate school , Carson became a part time student , taking an assistantship in Raymond Pearl 's laboratory , where she worked with rats and Drosophila , to earn money for tuition .
A 10th century Arab Muslim writer named Ahmad ibn Fadlan produced a description of a funeral of a Scandinavian , probably Swedish , chieftain who was on an expedition on the eastern route . The account is a unique source on the ceremonies surrounding the Viking funeral of a chieftain . Regardless of ethnic attribution ( Norse , Slavic or else ) the source says " Rus " ( Rūsiyyah ) , and the attribution is still disputed . The dead chieftain was put in a temporary grave , which was covered for ten days until they had sewn new clothes for him .
The High Seas Fleet was interned there under the terms of the Armistice whilst negotiations took place over the fate of the ships . Fearing that all of the ships would be seized and divided amongst the allied powers , the German commander , Admiral Ludwig von Reuter , decided to scuttle the fleet . The scuttling was carried out on 21 June 1919 . Intervening British guard ships were able to beach a number of the ships , but 52 of the 74 interned vessels sank . Many of the wrecks were salvaged over the next two decades and were towed away for scrapping .
Starting with activity in the Coastal Cordillera during the Jurassic ( La Negra formation ) , this has caused spatially complex patterns of volcanic activity as well as the formation of the Altiplano Puna highland with dimensions of 3,000 by 200 by 3.7 – 4 kilometres ( 1,864.1 mi × 124.3 mi × 2.3 mi – 2.5 mi ) . Maximum deformation occurred during the late Miocene , with the formation of tectonic highs and lows . Small andesitic basaltic volcanic centres of Quaternary age are associated with faulting . Seismic activity is still ongoing at the edge of the Puna , indicating thrusting .
One of the most common complaints about his playing style was that he jumped from category to category , a strategy known as the " Forrest Bounce " , after former champion Chuck Forrest . The Forrest Bounce is a common strategy , however , employed by several successful past champions , including Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter , who , like Chu , used it to increase their odds of finding Daily Doubles first . Inspired by Watson , a computer that was programmed to play Jeopardy ! , Chu picked high value clues first , because they are more likely to be Daily Doubles .
The shielding allows for a wide field of view while at the same time protecting against firebombs and rock throwing . As with several analogous light military vehicles , despite being originally designed to fill a light reconnaissance role , the rise of urban warfare and close quarters combat meant that the Israel Defense Forces had to recast the Storm in new roles . When the need for a light armoured vehicle became apparent to the Israeli security forces , AIL 's engineering department designed a vehicle protection system from the bottom up , integrating it into the existing vehicle in a manner that did not compromise its off road and other capabilities , and that did not create the mechanical strain and increase in maintenance often associated with up armouring , in part due to its computerized 180 horsepower ( 130 kW ) injected engine .
" I mean , it 's great to thrash and pound , cut yourself up , scream and have fun , but you don 't have to take out a Pagan attitude . Why support the Devil ? He 's already there . I 'd rather just fucking thrash and be a metalist and listen to whatever I want to than be forced to listen to one style of music . " The album 's opening track , " Last Rites / Loved to Deth " , consists of two parts . The first part , " Last Rites " , is an instrumental segue featuring a piano intro , a reinterpretation of J.S. Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor .
He takes her up to Jordan 's hotel room but as they enter , Emma sees that it is completely empty except for a video camera which has been set up . She immediately becomes suspicious and tries to escape but Nystrom blocks her access to the bedroom door . She locks herself in the bathroom , and comes to the startling realization that Nystrom is Jordan . Nystrom apologizes and tells Emma he will let her go , but when she comes out of the bathroom he grabs and restrains her . Unable to get in contact with Emma , Manny tells Toby and J. T. that she is afraid that Emma may have gone to meet Jordan .
Groves came fourth in his class , and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the United States Army Corps of Engineers . The Corps of Engineers was the usual appointment for the highest ranking cadets in a class . After the traditional month 's leave following graduation from West Point , Groves reported to Camp A. A. Humphreys , Virginia , in December 1918 , where he was promoted to first lieutenant on 1 May 1919 . He was sent to France in June on an educational tour of the European battlefields of World War I. After returning from Europe , Groves became a student officer at the Engineer School at Camp Humphreys in September 1919 .
Wings for My Flight was generally well received . In 1991 , the book received the Oregon Book Award for literary nonfiction , co receiving the award with My Country , My Right to Serve by Mary Ann Humphrey . The Oregon Book Award , presented annually by Literary Arts , a non profit organization that promotes literature , intends to recognize the works of Oregon based authors in a variety of literary genres . Additionally , in 1992 , the book received a Christopher Award , which is presented annually by The Christophers , a non profit Christian inspirational group , and recognizes creators of books , motion pictures , and television specials that " affirm the highest values of the human spirit " .
On 31 December , the cruiser struck a mine in the Lingayen Gulf while supporting Japanese forces during the Philippines Campaign . She was towed to Hong Kong in February 1942 for repairs . Izumo was re classified as a 1st class cruiser on 1 July . She returned to Japan in late 1943 and was reclassified as a training ship for the Kure Naval District . On 19 March 1945 , Izumo was attacked by American carrier aircraft off Etajima , although they failed to inflict any damage . Shortly afterwards , her 8 inch guns were replaced by four 12.7 cm ( 5.0 in ) Type 89 dual purpose guns in two twin mounts and four of her remaining 6 inch guns were removed .
A rotating guard of honour of four Canadiens stood around the casket which was covered in flowers including a large wreath from Aurèle Joliat that was shaped like the number 7 , Morenz 's number , and a note from Morenz 's three children . The entire service was broadcast on the radio , and after its conclusion he was buried in Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal . The city of Montreal mourned the death of Morenz for months . To honour him , the Canadiens retired his jersey number , 7 , on November 2 , 1937 , the first time the team honoured a player in that fashion .
The Ratan Behari temple located near the Junagarh Fort , was built in 1846 by the 18th ruler of Bikaner . It was built in Indo Mughal architectural style using white marble . The Hindu god Krishna is deified in this temple . Karan mahal ( Public Audience Hall ) was built by Karan Singh in c.1680 to mark his victory over the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb . It is considered as one of the most exquisite palaces built with gardens , which displays the aesthetic sensibilities of the royalty of Rajasthan . It has stained glass windows and intricately carved balconies built in stone and wood fluted columns .
He had served in the British Army 39th Foot , which brought him to Ireland . After retiring from the army , Boycott worked as a land agent for Lord Erne ( John Crichton , 3rd Earl Erne ) , a landowner in the Lough Mask area of County Mayo . In 1880 , as part of its campaign for the Three Fs ( fair rent , fixity of tenure , and free sale ) and specifically in resistance to proposed evictions on the estate , local activists of the Irish Land League encouraged Boycott 's employees ( including the seasonal workers required to harvest the crops on Lord Erne 's estate ) to withdraw their labour , and began a campaign of isolation against Boycott in the local community .
In a letter to his close friend Tommaso Persico , Donizetti expressed his desire to give the title role to Juliette Bourgeois , a temperamental soprano who requested a large sum of money to perform in France . ( She was later to create the title role in Donizetti 's La fille du régiment ) Time : 1470 Place : Naples and Nisida Leone de Casaldi is an exiled soldier who makes a forbidden journey to the island of Nisida , outside Naples , Italy , to see Sylvia , with whom he is infatuated . Leone knows she is a noble but little else .
He appeared once for the MCC in first class cricket in each of the 1887 , 1888 , 1889 and 1890 seasons , after which he did not play first class cricket again . His final first class match was in May 1890 when he scored 1 and 21 during a seven wicket loss to Lancashire . Newton returned to play three further matches for Somerset in 1887 and 1890 , when they did not hold first class status . He opened the innings for the county twice in 1887 , passing 20 on three out of four occasions . During Somerset 's successful 1890 season , when they remained unbeaten against other county opposition , Newton batted at number four , scoring 3 and 0 , his final recorded appearance for Somerset .
Kahn proposed a structure within a structure , monumental " pylons of Jerusalem stone on each side enclosing four huge central pillars of reinforced concrete , so that the pylons function [ ed ] as a container and the pillars as its content " . Following the Beaux Arts tradition , the elements of architecture were conceived as hollow , thus creating pocketing spaces within both structures . The outer structure was composed of 16 piers covered in golden Jerusalem stone cut in blocks of the same proportions and same course finish as those of the Western Wall . In the bases of the four corners of the two story , 12 m ( 39 ft ) high structure delineated by the piers , there would be small alcoves for meditation or individual prayer .
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005 , but have since increased to twenty four trains per day . The station is located in the Shirehampton district of Bristol , a primarily residential area on the north bank of the River Avon near the Severn Estuary . The A4 Bristol Portway is just to the north of the station , with a commercial vehicle hire depot in between . The railway crosses Station Road directly to the west of the station , and is bridged by Hung Road slightly to the east . The station is on the Severn Beach Line from Bristol Temple Meads to Severn Beach , 7 miles 50 chains ( 12.3 km ) from Temple Meads and 5 miles 73 chains ( 9.5 km ) from Severn Beach .
The character sketches are strong and the characters are inspiring but not patronizing . The script , the story and the characters take the spotlight and the sets , though picturesque add to the plot instead of overshadowing it . " Taran Adarsh , while writing about the chances of its commercial success , said , " Dor is a well made film that caters to those with an appetite for qualitative cinema . Awards and glowing critical acclaim , yes , it has the power to win it . But , box office rewards and a mandate from the aam junta ( common man ) will elude it .
The following day she was attacked by nine Fairey Swordfish torpedo bombers of 816 Squadron from the aircraft carrier HMS Furious . They were very surprised to see their torpedoes detonate short of the ship as they struck the sandy rocks . She was refloated 10 days later and towed to Trondheim for repairs . There she was the first German destroyer to receive a radar system and one set of torpedo tubes was removed and remounted on land near Agdenes to improve the local defenses . On 7 June the work was finished and Theodor Riedel went to Wilhelmshaven for an overhaul .
A song on Duets : The Final Chapter titled " Whatchu Want ( The Commission ) " featuring Jay Z was based on the group . In December 1999 , Bad Boy released Born Again . The album consisted of previously unreleased material mixed with guest appearances including many artists Wallace had never collaborated with in his lifetime . It gained some positive reviews but received criticism for its unlikely pairings ; The Source describing it as " compiling some of the most awkward collaborations of his career " . Nevertheless , the album sold 2 million copies . Wallace appeared on Michael Jackson 's 2001 album , Invincible .
When part of the foundations for the complex were dug in 1977 , an archaeological investigation uncovered prehistoric artifacts , as is typical during construction in Tenri . Although it was a sparsely inhabited village in Oyasama 's time , Tenri City lies on top of a confirmed cultural center of prehistoric Japan . Information theorist Nomura Masaichi , noting Tenrikyo 's description of the oyasato yakata as a realization of the prophecy of Oyasama and the Tenrikyo saying that " in the construction of form lies the construction of hearts " , refers to the ongoing construction as a " medium that combats decontextualization " , claiming that it gives renewed relevance to the teachings and introduces a physical context by giving them an active role in shaping the city , and that in time , the thoughts of Tenrikyo believers will come to embody the grand scale of the architecture .
The aircrew of two of the British B 24 Liberators that sank German submarines during this period included Australian personnel , however , and Australians were on board several of the other RAF aircraft flying anti submarine and anti shipping patrols . In addition , No. 455 Squadron took part in several attacks on E boats operating near Normandy as well as German shipping travelling through the English Channel . No. 460 Squadron and Australians in other Bomber Command units also participated in raids on E Boat bases at Le Havre and Boulogne on the nights of 14 / 15 June and 15 / 16 June respectively .
Once the structures were modeled individually , they were all imported into a custom editor , called D3Edit , so that the designers could " glue everything together " . The D3Edit editor received constant updates because it initially did not feature an intuitive interface for designers . It was not until the last third of the development period that the editor improved significantly . As Leighton notes , " Even in the shipped game you can tell which levels were made early on and which were made near the end of the production cycle . The later levels are much better looking , have better frame rates , and generally have better scripts " .
Hamurabi is a text based strategy video game centered on resource management in which the player , identified in the text as the ancient Babylonian king Hammurabi , enters numbers in response to questions posed by the game . The resources that the player must manage are people , acres of land , and bushels of grain . These are managed over the course of ten rounds , each of which represents a year . Each person can farm a set amount of land , which produces grain . Grain , in turn , can be used to feed people , who otherwise die the following round , or planted for the following year 's crop .
Postman claimed that Sesame Street also introduced children to a shallow pop culture , undermined American education , and relieved parents of their responsibility of teaching their children how to read . Since federal funds had been used to produce the show , more segments of the population insisted upon being represented on Sesame Street . Morrow credited CTW 's commitment to multiculturalism as one source for their conflicts with the leadership of minority groups , especially Latino groups and feminists . These conflicts were resolved when the CTW added or substituted offending segments and characters . By 1977 , the cast consisted of two African American women , one of whom was single , two African American men , a Chicano man , two white men , an American Indian woman , a Puerto Rican woman , and a Deaf white woman .
In 1991 the University of Art and Design Helsinki founded the Institute of Design Leadership and Management and established an international training program . The International Design Management Conference was organized in the same year by them . In 1995 the Helsinki School of Economics ( HSE ) , University of Art and Design Helsinki ( TaiK ) , and University of Technology ( TKK ) cooperated to create the International Design Business Management Program ( IDBM ) , which aims to bring together experts from different fields within the concept of design business management . The Design Leadership Fellowship at the University of Oxford was founded in 2005 .
Ignoring Victorian and Edwardian grammar and structure , he created a unique form of speech , employing odd and strange words , jargon , avoiding verbs , and using rhetorical devices such as parataxis . Pound 's relationship to music is essential to his poetry . Although he was tone deaf and his speaking voice is described as " raucous , nasal , scratchy " , Michael Ingam writes that Pound is on a short list of poets possessed of a sense of sound , an " ear " for words , imbuing his poetry with melopoeia . His study of troubadour poetry – words written to be sung ( motz et son ) – led him to think modern poetry should be written similarly .
After regaining their power , the high priests at the temple of Amun in Thebes accumulated vast tracts of land and wealth , and their expanded power splintered the country during the Third Intermediate Period . Following the death of Ramesses XI in 1078 BC , Smendes assumed authority over the northern part of Egypt , ruling from the city of Tanis . The south was effectively controlled by the High Priests of Amun at Thebes , who recognized Smendes in name only . During this time , Berber tribes from what was later to be called Libya had been settling in the western delta , and the chieftains of these settlers began increasing their autonomy .
Crush received generally positive reviews , with aggregate scores of 83 out of 100 from Metacritic and 82 % from Game Rankings . The game was highly praised for its innovative approach to gameplay . Ryan Davis of GameSpot appreciated Crush for owing " very little of its novel concept to games that preceded it " . Nick Suttner of 1UP called the game a " cognitively rewarding , expertly designed puzzle experience that truly plays like nothing else " . Reviews were mixed on the game 's learning curve . IGN 's Jeremy Dunham praised the ordering of the puzzle elements , that new gaming elements are introduced at " an ideal pace " , and that most puzzles have solutions where the player must " think ' outside the box ' " .
Historian Andrew Saunders has described the castle as architecturally significant , being " the earliest example of a purpose built gaol " in England . The earthworks of the Norman fort are owned by the National Trust and are also open to the public . The first castle at Lydford was built in the aftermath of the Norman conquest of England in 1066 . In 1068 William the Conqueror intervened in South West England to put down widespread Anglo Saxon revolts against Norman rule and set about pacifying the region . William had been responsible for building urban castles across England in the former centres of Anglo Saxon power and in Devon he constructed new urban castles at Exeter , Totnes , possibly Barnstaple and in the town of Lydford .
This washed out drawn match was the only time in six Shield matches during the season that Victoria did not emerge victorious , and they won the competition . Harvey ended the season with 405 runs at 33.75 . By 1947 – 48 , Brown had recovered , so Harvey had to compete with him as well as Morris and Barnes for selection . In the first match of the season against the touring Indians , Harvey made 4 and 35 . The following week , he made 89 in the first innings against South Australia but managed only three in the second innings as the Victorians collapsed to be all out for 182 and lost by nine wickets .
According to historian James Westfall Thompson , Jerome “ strongly inveighed against this method of destroying the sense of a pagan author [ and ] his love of the classics and his Christian piety were alike offended . ” Another critic of the poem was Pope Gelasius I ( 492 – 496 ) , who declared the De laudibus Christi apocryphal , and he added it to his decretal " Of books to be received and not to be received " . This meant that while the poem was not considered heretical , it was forbidden for it to be read in public .
- Letter from Lieutenant J.F. Girardot , 43rd Light Infantry , to his father , 1 March 1852 . The next morning , the schooner Lioness discovered one of the cutters , and after saving the occupants of the second boat made her way to the scene of the disaster . Arriving in the afternoon , she found 40 people still clinging to the rigging . It was reported that of the approximately 643 people aboard , only 193 were saved . Captain Edward WC Wright of the 91st Argyllshire Regiment was the most senior army officer to survive ; he was awarded a brevet majority for his actions during the ordeal , dated 26 February 1852 .
The icy caverns featured in the episode were constructed inside a warehouse which had previously been used for cold storage ; and required the use of truckloads of lumber and 10,000 square feet ( 930 m2 ) of Styrofoam . The set would become one of the most expensive and elaborate built during the series ' history . The set required a constant temperature of − 21 ° F ( − 29 ° C ) in order to maintain the real snow and ice used to decorate it . This refrigeration allowed the actors ' breath to visibly fog up , and allowed the cast to " have a place that feels real " to aid their acting .
Named after the acid test for gold , it was developed in the spirit of Acid1 , a relatively narrow test of compliance with the Cascading Style Sheets 1.0 ( CSS1 ) standard , and was released on 13 April 2005 . As with Acid1 , an application passes the test if the way it displays the test page matches a reference image . Acid2 tests aspects of HTML markup , CSS 2.1 styling , PNG images , and data URIs . The Acid2 test page will be displayed correctly in any application that follows the World Wide Web Consortium and Internet Engineering Task Force specifications for these technologies .
Paul Jacobi was ultimately allotted to France in early 1946 and renamed Desaix . She became operational later that year , but her service with the French Navy was fairly brief , with only cruises to French colonies in Africa during 1947 of note before she was paid off in late 1948 and placed in reserve in early 1949 . The ship was used as a source of spare parts of the other ex German ships in French service until she was condemned and sold for scrap in 1954 . Z5 Paul Jacobi had an overall length of 119 meters ( 390 ft 5 in ) and was 114 meters ( 374 ft 0 in ) long at the waterline .
" Three games remained in the regular season and the Naps were a half game behind the Detroit Tigers as they headed into a October 2 , 1908 , match up against the Chicago White Sox , who trailed the Naps by one game . Game attendance was announced at 10,598 , which was labeled by sportswriter Franklin Lewis as an " excellent turnout for a weekday . " The Naps faced future Hall of Fame pitcher Ed Walsh and recorded four hits ; they were struck out by Walsh 15 times . The Naps ' Joe Birmingham scored the team 's only run , which came in the third inning .
Memorial Parkway so that travelers using the Continental Divide Snowmobile Trail could traverse between Bridger Teton National Forest and Yellowstone National Park . However , in 2009 , winter use planners closed this since unguided snowmobile access into Yellowstone National Park was also discontinued . The Craig Thomas Discovery and Visitor Center adjacent to the park headquarters at Moose , Wyoming , is open year round . Opened in 2007 to replace an old , inadequate visitor center , the facility is named for the late U.S. Senator Craig Thomas and designed by acclaimed architect , Bohlin Cywinski Jackson . It was financed with a combination of federal grants and private donations .
" He increased the pressure by sending his inspector general to confront Burnside , who reacted indignantly : " McClellan appears to think I am not trying my best to carry this bridge ; you are the third or fourth one who has been to me this morning with similar orders . " Although the IX Corps eventually broke through , the delay allowed Maj. Gen. A. P. Hill 's Confederate division to come up from Harpers Ferry and repulse the Union breakthrough . McClellan refused Burnside 's requests for reinforcements and the battle ended in a tactical stalemate . McClellan was removed after failing to pursue General Robert E. Lee 's retreat from Antietam , and Burnside was assigned to command the Army of the Potomac on November 7 , 1862 .
There were ominous signs : Japanese surface patrols had been stepped up in the Subic Bay area , and there were reports of Japanese destroyers heading north from the southern Philippines . MacArthur therefore elected not to wait for the Permit , but to leave as soon as possible , by PT boat on the night of 11 March . Major General Jonathan M. Wainwright was left in command on Bataan and Corregidor . " When I get back " , MacArthur told him , " if you 're still on Bataan , I 'll make you a lieutenant general .
In addition , the persistent flower parts on B. epica 's fruiting structures are curled and point upwards , whereas they are straight and point downwards on B. media . The first European to see B. epica was probably Edward John Eyre , the first explorer of the area , who recorded " stunted specimens " of Banksia as he was nearing the western edge of the Great Australian Bight on 1 May 1841 : " One circumstance in our route to day cheered me greatly , and led me shortly to expect some important and decisive change in the character and formation of the country .
He was born at Basileion in Galatia to Basil and Theophano Galaton , members of the Byzantine nobility who supported the Macedonian dynasty . His given name at birth is unclear — it was traditional at that time , when becoming a monk , to take on a new name with the same initial as one 's birth name . Symeon may have ignored that tradition in order to take the same name as his spiritual father , Symeon the Studite . In his writings , he sometimes described the experiences of " George , " which might have been his birth name .
At 5 : 40 they opened fire again on the German battlecruisers . The setting sun blinded the German gunners and they could not make out the British ships and turned away to the northeast at 5 : 47 . Beatty gradually turned more towards the east to allow him to cover the deployment of the Grand Fleet into its battle formation and to move ahead of it , but he mistimed his maneuvre and forced the leading division to fall off towards the east , further away from the Germans . By 6 : 35 Beatty was following Indomitable and Inflexible of the 3rd BCS as they were steering east southeast , leading the Grand Fleet , and continuing to engage Hipper 's battlecruisers to their southwest .
On March 24 , Zahorchak 's proposal for district wide reform will be put before the Allentown School Board . The plan for reform is based primarily on financial expectations within the district . While the plan calls for the hiring of new teachers who will not be full time and not on district payroll , it also calls for the termination of 300 + teachers . Staff members from each of the Allentown School District 's schools will attend the meeting in order to overhaul the plan . By July 1 , 2011 , the school board approved a budget that saw less than 60 professionals educators being furloughed .
Debate about how to use the slough and its watershed continued through the rest of the century . In 1964 , the Port of Portland , interested in industrial development , began to fill Smith , Bybee , and Ramsey lakes with dredge sands from the Columbia . In the 1970s , the Oregon Legislature passed a law against filling Smith or Bybee lakes below a contour line 11 feet ( 3.4 m ) above mean sea level except to enhance fish and wildlife habitat . Plans for a Willamette River Greenway project proposed by Oregon Governor Tom McCall in the late 1960s called for park and recreation areas along the Willamette and many of its tributaries but ignored the slough .
During the Henderson 's seventh troop transport voyage to France there was a fire on board on July 2 , 1918 , that resulted in the ship returning to the United States . All but one or two of those on board were rescued by the destroyers USS Mayrant ( DD 31 ) and USS Paul Jones ( DD 10 ) and eventually taken aboard the USS Von Steuben ( ID 3017 ) , which continued to Brest , France , where Eldred 's knowledge of French proved useful . From there , he was sent by train to Italy .
He was aware of the symbolic value of an Irish winner so soon after Ireland had gained independence , and sought to highlight the fact at each available opportunity . His reply to many of the letters of congratulations sent to him contained the words : " I consider that this honour has come to me less as an individual than as a representative of Irish literature , it is part of Europe 's welcome to the Free State . " Yeats used the occasion of his acceptance lecture at the Royal Academy of Sweden to present himself as a standard bearer of Irish nationalism and Irish cultural independence .
In February , he led a much larger operation that captured Kufra . After the battle , he had his men swear an oath known today as the Serment de Koufra ( " Oath of Kufra " ) : You shall not lay down arms , until the day when our colours , our beautiful colours , flutter over the Strasbourg Cathedral . Leclerc learnt a great deal about how to handle and supply a force advancing across the desert , and was rewarded with the British Distinguished Service Order . He began planning a far more ambitious advance into Libya .
A Video Game Symphony video game music concerts in 2006 , presenting the main theme , Frog 's Theme , and To Far Away Times . Music from the game has also been performed in other video game concert tours such as the Video Games Live concert series and in concerts by the Eminence Orchestra . Music from Chrono Trigger and Cross made up one fourth of the music in the Symphonic Fantasies concerts in Cologne in September 2009 which were produced by the creators of the Symphonic Game Music Concert series and conducted by Arnie Roth . The concerts featured a suite of music from both games interspersed together with the songs from Trigger comprising " A Premonition " , " Battle with Magus " , " Chrono Trigger " , " Peaceful Days " , " Outskirts of Time " , " Frog 's Theme " , and " To Far Away Times " , as well as a boss battle suite that featured " Lavos ’ Theme " .
Live , Madness have collaborated with artists such as UB40 and Prince Buster , notably at their first Madstock concert . They have also played live frequently with members of the other 2 Tone bands , such as The Specials . In May 2008 , Suggs and Carl performed live with Pet Shop Boys at London 's Heaven collaborating on a new composition of " My Girl " . A few days afterwards , Pet Shop Boys posted their own version of the track on their official website . In late 2010 , the band collaborated in the Cage Against The Machine project , in which numerous artists performed John Cage 's 4 ′ 33 ″ for a charity single intended to prevent the winner of The X Factor claiming the Christmas Number 1 .
In the real world , it is revealed that Barreiro , a fellow comatose patient , has had his life support removed by Preijers . Nearby stands the mystery woman that Reyes encountered : Audrey Pauley . Doggett begins looking into ways to save Reyes , noting an anomaly in her electrocardiograph that suggests stifled brain activity . While visiting her room , Doggett runs into Audrey who tells her that Reyes ' soul is not gone yet . Audrey walks to her room in the basement , where a model of the hospital has been built . By concentrating her mind , she is able to move into the floating hospital where Reyes is trapped .
The ships ' complement was 145 officers and ratings . They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft , using steam provided by three Admiralty 3 drum boilers that operated at a pressure of 300 psi ( 2,068 kPa ; 21 kgf / cm2 ) and a temperature of 620 ° F ( 327 ° C ) . The turbines developed a total of 36,000 shaft horsepower ( 27,000 kW ) and gave a maximum speed of 35.5 knots ( 65.7 km / h ; 40.9 mph ) . The destroyers carried a maximum of 470 – 480 long tons ( 480 – 490 t ) of fuel oil that gave them a range of 6,350 nautical miles ( 11,760 km ; 7,310 mi ) at 15 knots ( 28 km / h ; 17 mph ) .
From Christine de Pizan to the present , women have looked to Joan as a positive example of a brave and active woman . She operated within a religious tradition that believed an exceptional person from any level of society might receive a divine calling . Some of her most significant aid came from women . King Charles VII 's mother in law , Yolande of Aragon , confirmed Joan 's virginity and financed her departure to Orléans . Joan of Luxembourg , aunt to the count of Luxembourg who held custody of her after Compiègne , alleviated her conditions of captivity and may have delayed her sale to the English .
In 2003 it was ranked number 99 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time . Having achieved great success with their 1969 album Stand ! and performance at Woodstock , Sly & the Family Stone were due to have submitted an album of new recordings to Epic Records by 1970 . However , Sly Stone , the group 's creative head and multi instrumentalist , missed several recording deadlines , worrying CBS executive Clive Davis , and a Greatest Hits album was released in an eighteen month stretch during which the band released no new material .
" Teika and Go Toba would have a close and productive relationship ; Teika would be favored in such ways as being appointed by Go Toba as one of the six compilers ( and de facto head compiler by virtue of his dedication and force of personality in addition to his already established reputation as a poet ) of the eighth Imperial Anthology of waka poetry , the esteemed Shin Kokinshū ( c . 1205 , " New Collection of Japanese Poetry , Ancient and Modern " ) which Go Toba ordered to be written after the success of the hundred poem sequences ( which furnished a base for the collection ) .
Subcosta ( Sc ) – second longitudinal vein , unbranched . Radius ( R ) – third longitudinal vein , branched to Rs in hind wing , unbranched in forewing . Media anterior ( MA ) – fourth longitudinal vein , branched in basal part as Media posterior ( MP ) . Cubitus ( Cu ) – fifth longitudinal vein , unbranched . Anal veins ( A ) – veins behind the cubitus , unbranched , two in forewing , many in hind wing 1A 7A in one group and the rest in another group . Stick insect have forewings that are tough , opaque tegmina , short and covering only the base part of the hind wings at rest .
Greenland was so impressed with the story that , without Clarke 's knowledge , he sent an excerpt to his friend , the fantasy writer Neil Gaiman . Gaiman later said , " It was terrifying from my point of view to read this first short story that had so much assurance ... It was like watching someone sit down to play the piano for the first time and she plays a sonata . " Gaiman showed the story to his friend , science fiction writer and editor Patrick Nielsen Hayden . Clarke learned of these events when Nielsen Hayden called and offered to publish her story in his anthology Starlight 1 ( 1996 ) , which featured pieces by well regarded science fiction and fantasy writers .
No candidate gained more than half of the votes in the first round , while in the second round of the election , held on 30 March , Kocharyan won 58.9 % of the vote . The British Helsinki Human Rights Group suggests that " ordinary Armenians turned to Robert Kocharian as someone untainted by mafia connections and the intrigues of Yerevan politics . " The OSCE observation mission described the first round as " deeply flawed , " while their final report stated that the mission found " serious flaws " and that the election did not meet the OSCE standards .
His characters are revealed through their responses or a slight turn of phrase along the lines of the Norwegian Jonas Lie or the Russian Turgenev . He does not explain , he merely presents a picture , providing the reader with impressions , allowing him to read between the lines , interpreting what lies behind the words . On meeting Claude Monet , he was told , " You are the first impressionist writer . " A recognized example of his mastery of impressionism is the novel 's opening scene where all the characters meet at the station . Longtime Scandinavian Studies scholar Niels Ingwersen states that the novel " engagingly , ironically , sadly captures the quite trivial life of a rural , provincial community " and illustrates an unconsummated love relationship between two ordinary people .
In May 1991 , the Croatian National Guard ( ZNG ) , subsequently renamed the Croatian Army ( HV ) in November , was formed as a result of growing support for the RSK from the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) and the inability of the Croatian Police to cope with the situation . The establishment of the military of Croatia was hampered by a UN arms embargo introduced in September . The final months of 1991 saw the fiercest fighting of the war culminating in the Battle of the Barracks , the Siege of Dubrovnik , and the Battle of Vukovar .
The latter photograph has been uncritically accepted by many historians as documentation of the actual event , although a closer examination reveals that the wire cutters are made out of wood . Butcher also did not hestitate to retouch photos . He photographed a hill in Cherry County that had been important to early setters because of its cedar trees ; since the trees had been cut long before he got there with his camera , he scratched trees on the bare hill on his negative . To illustrate Ephraim Swain Finch 's account of how he had battled an 1876 infestation of grasshoppers , he posed Finch in his cornfield , then incised scores of dots and specks into the negative to depict the flying insects .
Comics studies courses have proliferated at Japanese universities , and Japan Society for Studies in Cartoon and Comics was established in 2001 to promote comics scholarship . The publication of Frederik L. Schodt 's Manga ! Manga ! The World of Japanese Comics in 1983 led to the spread of use of the word manga outside Japan to mean " Japanese comics " or " Japanese style comics " . Coulton Waugh attempted the first comprehensive history of American comics with The Comics ( 1947 ) . Will Eisner 's Comics and Sequential Art ( 1985 ) and Scott McCloud 's Understanding Comics ( 1993 ) were early attempts in English to formalize the study of comics .
The game was published , however , resulting in the young developer 's entry into the video game industry . Revolution Software was formed 4 years later . The reviewer for Amtix ! magazine awarded the game a score of 64 % , calling it " ... an average , if rather simple , arcade adventure . " The same reviewer stated that Obsidian 's graphics are its most striking feature . The lack of enemies and objects to manipulate in some screens and low number of sound effects received were criticized . The reviewer for Amstrad Action , Bob Wade , awarded the game a score of 81 % and a ' A A Rave ' award , praising the game 's graphics and animations .
For the long finned pilot whale , females reach maturity at around eight years and males at around 12 years . Pilot whales emit echolocation clicks for foraging and whistles and burst pulses as social signals ( e.g. to keep contact with members of their pod ) . With active behavior , vocalizations are more complex , while less active behavior is accompanied by simple vocalizations . Differences have been found in the calls of the two species . Compared with short finned pilot whales , long finned pilot whales have relatively low frequency calls with narrow frequency ranges . In one study of North Atlantic long finned pilot whales , certain vocalizations were heard to accompany certain behaviors .
It condemned the violence that resulted after the arrest that forced thousands of migrant workers to uproot themselves from various parts of Maharashtra . Loksatta criticised the television channels for their relentless replay of just two instances to portray the violent impact of his arrest . The edit blamed Hindi channels for making Mumbai look like Gujarat during the 2002 Gujarat riots . Another editor in the same daily also wrote that the " Marathi andolan " ( Marathi demonstration ) will not benefit any party , as the Marathi vote would be divided between the Shiv Sena and MNS .
The keys and time signatures are taken from the book on all cantatas by the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr , using the symbols for common time ( 4 / 4 ) and alla breve ( 2 / 2 ) . The continuo , playing throughout , is not shown . In 1725 , Bach typically composed alternating recitatives and arias in his cantatas , both on contemporary poetry . The text for this work is in an older style , with biblical texts interspersed with arias . Bach followed it , using different musical forms for the biblical quotations . The opening chorus on psalm verses is an adaptation of his overture to his fourth Orchestral Suite in D major , BWV 1069 .
Such struggles are not uncommon in priesthood . But after he resists the church boundaries and attempts to help Linda , his faith in the congregation and belief in the profession are restored , and he returns to the church a stronger and more content priest . The film demonstrates the power of compassion and individual kindness , particularly in the way that John 's simple act of defending Linda during her childhood was such a profound moment in her life . The film also advocates repentance , and the extent of Linda 's victimization can be interpreted as a sign of how catastrophic an unrepentant life can be .
At the Reko , Carlson learned that the local Christian mission had recently been raided by Japanese troops who had killed two of the missionaries before moving west . Pushing across the river with one platoon of troops , Carlson encountered a small group of Japanese who shot and severely wounded the native scout leading the Marine column . Returning fire , the Marines killed two Japanese soldiers and drove off another three or four . Carlson 's main body then arrived and the column bivouacked for the night . On 8 November , the column continued through the jungle to the northwest , striking the coast at the Kena River , and made camp at the village of Tasimboko , 15 mi ( 24 km ) from Aola Bay .
Both parts earned high ratings , with Part 1 breaking the record for a pilot episode with 18.6 million viewers , and the episode would later win many awards and accolades . On September 22 , 2004 , Jack Shephard ( Matthew Fox ) awakens disoriented in the jungle and notices a yellow Labrador retriever ( Madison ) darting through the bamboo forest . Following the path it came from , Jack runs haphazardly through the jungle to a beach , where he is confronted by the carnage of the airplane crash of Oceanic Flight 815 . Jack , a surgeon , administers medical aid to the survivors , assisting the pregnant Claire Littleton ( Emilie de Ravin ) , enlisting Hurley ( Jorge Garcia ) to watch her , and administering CPR to Rose Henderson ( L. Scott Caldwell ) , saving her life .
About a year later , Mugabe deployed the North Korean trained 5 Brigade to Matabeleland , ZAPU 's heartland , where it massacred thousands of civilians accused of supporting " dissidents " in what became called Gukurahundi . Meredith asserts that this far exceeded anything that had occurred during the Bush War , an opinion shared by Geoff Hill . Some white farmers were also killed . Estimates for the number of deaths during the five year Gukurahundi campaign range from 10,000 to 30,000 . Mugabe concurrently took steps to marginalise the other main black nationalist leaders from the Chimurenga .
UGO Networks listed Sam Witwer 's performance as Starkiller as one of their top 11 celebrity voice actors in video games . Chris Buffa put Starkiller as the 19th top anti hero , commenting that " the thought of cutting through good guys as a Sith filled us with murderous joy " , also praising his eventual turn to good . Jesse Schedeen also thought that it would be best if the character was not revisited in the upcoming live action TV series after the first The Force Unleashed as " his story arc was nice and complete " . Starkiller was voted the top 10th Star Wars character by IGN 's readers .
Zahir appointed his eldest son Salibi as the multazim of Tiberias . Salibi was killed in 1773 fighting alongside Ali Bey 's forces in Egypt . His death deeply distressed Zahir , who was around 80 years old at the time . He appointed Uthman in Kafr Kanna then Shefa- ' Amr , Abbas in Nazareth , Ali in Safad , and Ahmad in Saffuriya . Ahmad replaced Salibi in Tiberias as well , and also conquered Ajlun and Salt in Transjordan . In addition , Ahmad was given authority over Deir Hanna after Sa 'd's death . Zahir appointed his nephew Ayyub al Karimi in Jaffa and Gaza , while al Dinkizli was made multazim in Sidon in 1774 .
NCMPs do not represent any constituency and are thus denied of opportunities to expand their influence . During the 2010 debates , Sylvia Lim , then the sole NCMP in Parliament , commented that having NCMPs " make [ s ] a bad situation better , but increasing NCMPs is not the solution towards a more robust political system " . She identified an NCMP 's lack of any official capacity to represent the people or write letters on their behalf as a drawback of the scheme . Moreover , an NCMP has no physical base to organize activities or dialogues with the people .
While negotiations with the Pakistani air controllers drag on , the negotiators slowly lose control of the situation , with the hijackers becoming more agitated by the minute . Around 17 hours later , the plane loses auxiliary power , and the lights go out inside . Despite Neerja and the other attendants ' attempts to explain , the terrorists assume the Pakistanis cut the power deliberately , and anticipate an imminent Pakistani raid on the plane . The panicking hijackers begin shooting down passengers indiscriminately ; at great peril to her own life , Neerja opens the rear door and deploys the chute , directing passengers out of the plane .
This method resembles the Ancient Greek practice of placing an obolus in the corpse 's mouth to pay the toll to cross the River Styx in the underworld . It has been argued that instead , the coin was intended to ward off any evil spirits from entering the body , and this may have influenced later vampire folklore . This tradition persisted in modern Greek folklore about the vrykolakas , in which a wax cross and piece of pottery with the inscription " Jesus Christ conquers " were placed on the corpse to prevent the body from becoming a vampire .
Dawson 's Creek star Kerr Smith was cast as jock Carter Horton . Smith identified Carter as " your typical high school bully whose life depends on anger " and mentioned the fact that Carter feared Alex not having control of his own life . Kristen Cloke , Morgan 's wife , was cast as teacher Valerie Lewton . " I have incredible respect for them , " said Cloke . " Jim 's the kind of director who knows exactly what he wants . As an actor , I can find a way to get there if I know specifically what I 'm going for , and Jim gives me that .
Happily reunited to his family , Rip looks forward to his declining years with a spirit born of peace and solace . " Frank H. Crane as Rip Van Winkle Marie Eline The production and an adaptation of Washington Irving 's story of Rip Van Winkle . The stage adaptation was well known and the adaptation would be compared to Joseph Jefferson 's portrayal on the stage . The writer of the scenario is unknown , but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan . He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions .
Infinity on High has been compared to the work of pop punk bands such as Green Day , with Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times commenting , " Whatever snot and feedback courses through these songs , sweetness always triumphs , carried forth by bubblegum bass lines , snappy drums and tunes as comforting as lullabies . " Stump explained that the album contains a variety of different moods : " It ’ s one of those things where you get older as a band and you do your own thing ... The older Fall Out Boy elements , from the early records , are definitely there , and this album is an extension of that .
Making good on his threat , from 12 April to 14 April , Mladić ordered his forces to surround 150 UNPROFOR peacekeepers , effectively taking them hostage . Mladić then telephoned General Rose and told him " that if NATO did not stop its actions , not one UN soldier would leave alive " . Some of the UNPROFOR hostages were from NATO member states , notably the United Kingdom and France , who pushed for an immediate end to the strikes out of fear for the safety of their personnel . In response to the British and French concerns , NATO temporarily recalled its forces , but on 15 April , in response to increased Serb attacks , aircraft were again deployed to the area .
People of African and Native American heritage were even smaller in number ( 15,300 ) , and make up just 0.1 percent of the total population . Hispanics and Latinos are the second largest group in Texas after non Hispanic European Americans . Over 8.5 million people claim Hispanic or Latino ethnicity . This group forms over 37 percent of Texas ' population . People of Mexican descent alone number over 7.9 million , and make up 31.6 percent of the population . The vast majority of the Hispanic / Latino population in the state is of Mexican descent , the next two largest groups are Salvadorans and Puerto Ricans .
Initially , state and county officials anticipated building a freeway for the expressway south of Army Trail Road , similar to the existing freeway north of Army Trail Road . In 1979 , Chicago mayor Jane Byrne canceled plans for the proposed Crosstown Expressway . Following the move , Congress gave the rights to half of the $ 200 million ( equivalent to $ 954 million in 2015 ) that had been earmarked for the Crosstown Expressway to DuPage County . However , county officials found this amount insufficient for construction of the new freeway . The officials then handed authority for the project over to the tollway authority , and spent the money on other projects in the county .
Divers provided the astronauts with Biological Isolation Garments ( BIGs ) which were worn until they reached isolation facilities on board the Hornet . Additionally , astronauts were rubbed down with a sodium hypochlorite solution and the Command Module wiped with Betadine to remove any lunar dust that might be present . The raft containing decontamination materials was then intentionally sunk . A second Sea King helicopter hoisted the astronauts aboard one by one , where a NASA flight surgeon gave each a brief physical check during the 0.5 nautical miles ( 930 m ) trip back to the Hornet .
" In Arsenic and Old Lace ( 1944 ) , a gravestone is seen bearing the name Archie Leach . According to a famous story now believed to be fictional , after seeing a telegram from a magazine editor to his agent asking , " How old Cary Grant ? " , Grant reportedly responded , " Old Cary Grant fine . How you ? " Despite his strong comedic qualities , Alfred Hitchcock thought that Grant was also very effective in playing darker roles , with a mysterious , dangerous quality , remarking that " there is a frightening side to Cary that no one can quite put their finger on " .
At one of the churches ' conventions in Clinton , Iowa , in 1884 , the Danish farmer Rasmus Hansen of Elk Horn , Iowa , suggested that " the Danish Church should help all the families living around in cities , who would prefer living in the countryside , where they could find a fitting spot for a Danish colony . " A committee was appointed for the purpose of finding a piece of land for the scattered Danish immigrants to settle . The committee consisted of the Grundtvigian Evangelical Lutheran pastors F. L. Grundtvig ( the son of N. F. S. Grundtvig ) , Kristian Anker , Rasmus Hansen , Jens C. Kjær , and C. Bruhn .
Despite this , and at Godley 's urging , a further attack was planned for 12 October , this time using the New Zealand Division and the Australian 3rd Division . By now the ground was a sea of mud and a lack of preparation on the part of Godley 's corps headquarters hampered the preliminary movements of the attacking divisions and supporting artillery . Godley 's plans for the attack were overly ambitious and beyond the scale of previous operations that had been mounted earlier in the month in better weather and ground conditions and with more time to prepare .
The following day , the depression intensified into a tropical storm at 0600 UTC . The tropical storm made landfall on the Mosquito Coast of Nicaragua at 1400 UTC , with winds of 40 mph ( 65 km / h ) . The cyclone weakened to a tropical depression over land , but reintensified back to tropical storm strength upon entry into the Gulf of Honduras on September 20 . The cyclone 's northwest motion caused it to make a second landfall near the border of Mexico and British Honduras at 0300 UTC on September 21 as a slightly stronger system with winds of 50 mph ( 85 km / h ) ; this would be the storm 's peak intensity .
The magical power of words extended to the written word . Hieroglyphic script was held to have been invented by the god Thoth , and the hieroglyphs themselves were powerful . Written words conveyed the full force of a spell . This was even true when the text was abbreviated or omitted , as often occurred in later Book of the Dead scrolls , particularly if the accompanying images were present . The Egyptians also believed that knowing the name of something gave power over it ; thus , the Book of the Dead equips its owner with the mystical names of many of the entities he would encounter in the afterlife , giving him power over them .
As a married man , he could no longer stay enrolled at Pembroke and collect his scholarship money when his marriage and children were made apparent to the heads of the college . Newbery allowed Smart , along with his wife and their children , to live at Canonbury House , Islington . Although Newbery had a strong reputation for charity , he was determined to have complete control over his writers . It is likely that such an attitude combined with monetary problems led to a rift forming between the two in 1753 . Between 1753 and 1755 , Smart published or republished at least 79 works .
At the opening of the game , Ondore appears to have yielded to Archadian rule , though he secretly supports the resistance movement . He is being blackmailed by Vayne who forced him to announce the execution of Basch and the death of Ashe in an attempt to keep the resistance from trusting him or accepting his support . During the game , once the Archadian 8th Fleet was destroyed , Ondore openly announces his support of the rebel forces and enlists Rozarria 's aid for a large assault against the Archadian Empire . Ondore is the narrator character in the story , as his memoirs are read during certain points of the game .
These defences were accessed by a wall walk known as a chemin de ronde . In the opinion of historian Hugh Kennedy the defences of the outer wall were " the most elaborate and developed anywhere in the Latin east ... the whole structure is a brilliantly designed and superbly built fighting machine " . When the outer walls were built in the 13th century the main entrance was enhanced . A vaulted corridor led uphill from the outer gate in the northeast . The corridor made a hairpin turn halfway along its length , making it an example of a bent entrance .
The press and the directors ' VIP area are situated in the centre of the middle tier . The upper tiers of the stand extend over Trinity Road , the street that cuts behind the ground . Cars travelling along Trinity Road have to pass through what is effectively a tunnel formed by the Trinity Road Stand . The oldest stand at Villa Park is the North Stand , formerly known as the Witton End , completed in 1977 . It is a two tiered stand , with a double row of 39 executive boxes running between the two tiers .
" She as well notes that he is " endearing and smart . " Variety calls Phineas 's adventures " spectacular . " Animation Insider reporter Aaron Bynum described him as a " wiz kid idea machine . " The Seattle Times wrote that both Phineas and Ferb were " young heroes . " The song " Ain 't Got Rhythm , " which Vincent Martella performed in the voice of Phineas alongside Steve Zahn and Thomas Sangster in the episode " Dude , We 're Getting the Band Back Together , " was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2008 for " Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics .
In " Nothing to My Name " and other songs , he intentionally altered the sounds of traditional Chinese musical instruments by mixing them with elements of rock music , such as electric guitar . He also purposely divorced his musical style from that of the revolutionary songs and proletarian operas that were common under Chairman Mao Zedong during the Cultural Revolution — for example , he performed his music very loud , as high as 150 decibels , just because Mao had considered loud music disruptive to the social order . In genre , the song is often called the first work of Xibeifeng , a 1980s music style originating from Northwest China .
The depression initially moved to the southeast , but later recurved towards the northwest over the next two days . On September 4 , the S.S. West Kebar en route for Boston , Massachusetts reported winds of 40 mph ( 65 km / h ) , which would be considered as tropical storm force winds . The depression later moved to the northeast before it was absorbed by a stationary front on September 7 . Since there was only one report that the disturbance may have reached tropical storm intensity , it was not included in HURDAT . Later on September 10 , a trough was detected in a similar region in the Atlantic where the first depression formed .
To address the variability of the fuel economy outcome depending on miles driven between charges , EPA also included in the Volt 's fuel economy label a table showing fuel economy and electricity consumed for five different scenarios driven between a full charge , and a never charge scenario . According to this table the Volt 's fuel economy goes up to 168 mpg US ( 1.40 L / 100 km ; 202 mpg imp ) equivalent ( MPG e ) if driven 45 miles ( 72 km ) between full charges . Also , in recognition of the multiple operating modes that a plug in hybrid can be built with ( all electric , blended , and gasoline only ) , for the new fuel economy and environment label that will be mandatory in the U.S. beginning in model year 2013 , EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) issued two separate fuel economy labels for plug in hybrids .
Shortly after peaking in intensity , the eye of Hurricane Howard gradually became larger , resulting in a slight weakening trend . After weakening to winds of 125 mph ( 200 km / h ) , the eye reached a diameter of about 30 miles ( 50 km ) , and the structure of the hurricane transitioned into that of an annular hurricane , similar to that of Darby earlier in the season . Howard strengthened again into a Category 4 hurricane on August 25 before weakening slightly the following day . The hurricane retained annular characteristics for about 48 hours before moving over cooler water .
Interstellar space then continues to the edges of the galaxy , where it fades into the intergalactic void . Geospace is the region of outer space near Earth . Geospace includes the upper region of the atmosphere and the magnetosphere . The Van Allen radiation belt lies within the geospace . The outer boundary of geospace is the magnetopause , which forms an interface between the planet 's magnetosphere and the solar wind . The inner boundary is the ionosphere . As the physical properties and behavior of near Earth space is affected by the behavior of the Sun and space weather , the field of geospace is interlinked with heliophysics ; the study of the Sun and its impact on the Solar System planets .
Contemporary theatre culture in Karnataka remains vibrant with organisations like Ninasam , Ranga Shankara , Rangayana and Prabhat Kalavidaru continuing to build on the foundations laid by Gubbi Veeranna , T. P. Kailasam , B. V. Karanth , K V Subbanna , Prasanna and others . Veeragase , Kamsale , Kolata and Dollu Kunitha are popular dance forms . The Mysore style of Bharatanatya , nurtured and popularised by the likes of the legendary Jatti Tayamma , continues to hold sway in Karnataka , and Bangalore also enjoys an eminent place as one of the foremost centres of Bharatanatya . Karnataka also has a special place in the world of Indian classical music , with both Karnataka ( Carnatic ) and Hindustani styles finding place in the state , and Karnataka has produced a number of stalwarts in both styles .
Instead of simply renewing the agreement , Gossard executives decided to negotiate better terms with Sara Lee . Soon after the negotiations started , something unexpected happened . In 1992 , the plunge style became a hit with British women and sales took off . Between 1991 and 1993 , UK sales of that Wonderbra style quadrupled to $ 28 million , accounting for 12.5 % of the $ 225 million UK branded bra market . Several factors might have contributed to this boom including " an article in British Vogue on the return of the padded bra , a Vivienne Westwood inspired fad for corsetry and that Gaultier driven yearning for underwear as outerwear " .
Confident that the results of the 1795 election would be reversed , Benjamin Logan was the first to declare his candidacy for the governorship in 1799 . Garrard and Thomas Todd declared their respective candidacies soon after . Former U.S. Representative Christopher Greenup also sought the office . Many of the recent settlers in Kentucky were unaware of his illustrious military record and unimpressed with his unsophisticated speaking skills . Although the candidates themselves rarely spoke negatively of each other , opponents of each candidate independently raised issues that they felt would hurt that candidate . John Breckinridge , Garrard 's long time political nemesis , tried to goad Garrard into making another impassioned plea for emancipation of slaves , which was a minority position in the state , but Garrard recognized Breckinridge 's tactics and refused to express any bold emancipationist sentiments during the campaign .
On his first attempt to locate the cruiser , Cutler , who did not have a compass , got lost and was forced to land on a desert island . On his second flight , he successfully located Königsberg , and a third flight with a Royal Navy observer confirmed his observations . His aircraft 's radiator was damaged on the flight and he was grounded until replacement parts could be brought from Mombasa . A pair of Royal Naval Air Service Sopwiths were brought up with the intention of scouting and even bombing the ship . They soon fell apart in the tropical conditions .
Walt Disney Productions first began exploring a possible live action / animation biography film of author and poet Hans Christian Andersen sometime in late 1937 before the December premiere of its film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , the first feature length hand drawn animated film ever made . In March 1940 , Walt Disney suggested a co production to film producer Samuel Goldwyn , where Goldwyn 's studio would shoot the live action sequences of Andersen 's life and Disney 's studio would animate Andersen 's fairy tales . The animated sequences would be based on some of Andersen 's best known works , such as The Little Mermaid , The Little Match Girl , The Steadfast Tin Soldier , The Snow Queen , Thumbelina , The Ugly Duckling , The Red Shoes , and The Emperor 's New Clothes .
Mustafa beg responded by bringing more than 10,000 soldiers under the fortress . General Ivan Lenković , leading 1,000 Uskoci , came in relief of the 1,500 Klis defenders . During the battle , Ivan Lenković and his men retreated after he was wounded in battle , and the fortress was lost to the Ottomans , on 31 May . Nevertheless , this temporary relief resounded in Europe and among the local population . The Venetians fought for decades before they finally managed to re take Klis . During the Cretan War of 1645 1669 , the Venetians in Dalmatia enjoyed the support of the local population , particularly the Morlachs ( Morlacchi ) .
Domesticated horses with leopard complex spotting patterns have been depicted in art dating as far back as Ancient Greece , Ancient Persia , and the Han Dynasty in China ; later depictions appeared in 11th century France and 12th century England . French paintings from the 16th and 17th centuries show horses with spotted coats being used as riding horses , and other records indicate they were also used as coach horses at the court of Louis XIV of France . In mid 18th century Europe , there was a great demand for horses with the leopard complex spotting pattern among the nobility and royalty .
I want to help make a difference . " West 's Memphis stint was not as spectacular as his Los Angeles stint , but he turned a franchise which was about to be sold into a reliable playoffs team , practically making no trades but getting the maximum from the players he had available ( e.g. Pau Gasol , James Posey and Jason Williams ) and signing coach Hubie Brown , who became Coach of the Year in 2004 . West himself won his second NBA Executive of the Year Award in the same year . At age 69 , West retired as a Grizzlies general manager in 2007 and turned over managing duties to Chris Wallace , from Buckhannon , West Virginia .
In " Torn and Frayed , " as his penance , Castiel has turned back on his " angel radio " and travels around helping people who have need of help or healing . He demonstrates this by healing a sick infant that won 't stop crying . After getting a distress call from Samandriel , Naomi summons Castiel to rescue the angel . Castiel enlists Dean 's help and repeatedly wonders where Sam is , unaware that Sam and Dean are currently not getting along . After getting the ingredients for a " demon bomb , " Castiel gets Sam as they will need all the help they can get to rescue Samandriel and yells at Sam and Dean for their behavior .
Iran is ranked among the world 's 15 major mineral rich countries . Although the petroleum industry provides the majority of revenue , about 75 % of all mining sector employees work in mines producing minerals other than oil and natural gas . These include coal , iron ore , copper , lead , zinc , chromium , barite , salt , gypsum , molybdenum , strontium , silica , uranium , and gold , the latter of which is mainly a by product of the Sar Cheshmeh copper complex operation . The mine at Sar Cheshmeh in Kerman Province is home to the world 's second largest store of copper .
The killings were extensively covered by German media leading to forming of a public opinion in support of Croatia . By the end of 1991 , Germany adopted support for diplomatic recognition of Croatia as its policy and duty . In 1990 , following the electoral defeat of the government of the Socialist Republic of Croatia , ethnic tensions in the republic worsened . The Yugoslav People 's Army ( Jugoslovenska Narodna Armija – JNA ) confiscated Croatia 's Territorial Defence ( Teritorijalna obrana – TO ) weapons to miminize the possibility of resistance following the elections . On 17 August , the tensions escalated into an open revolt of the Croatian Serbs , centred on the predominantly Serb populated areas of the Dalmatian hinterland around Knin , parts of the Lika , Kordun , Banovina and eastern Croatia .
Here , the route is known as the Admiral John D. Bulkeley Memorial Highway , named after Vice Admiral John D. Bulkeley , a United States Navy officer who served in World War II . In Mansfield Township , the road passes through the residential community of Anderson and intersects County Route 632 ( Anderson Road ) and County Route 628 ( Port Murray Road ) . From here , Route 57 turns northeast and parallels the Musconetcong River , heading through wooded areas around Upper Pohatcong Mountain with some farmland . In Stephensburg , the road passes through a wooded residential region and intersects County Route 652 ( Watters Road ) .
Padukone has also been involved with the Olympic Gold Quest team , established by her father and Geet Sethi to support Indian athletes at the Olympic Games , along with sports personalities such as Leander Paes and Viswanathan Anand and several other actors . In 2013 , she launched her own line of clothing for women , in association with the retail chain Van Heusen . Padukone has also been outspoken on issues such as feminism and has said , " New feminism isn 't about being aggressive ; it 's about reaching the top yet being soft . It 's about being you — feminine , strong and full of will power .
When the request was rejected by a judge , Seattle sued Bennett 's group to enforce the lease that required the team to play in KeyArena through 2010 . On July 2 , 2008 , a settlement was reached that allowed the team to move under certain conditions . In months prior to the settlement , Seattle publicly released email conversations that took place within Bennett 's ownership group and alleged that they indicated at least some members of the group had a desire to move the team to Oklahoma City prior to the purchase in 2006 . The city used the conversations to argue that the ownership failed to negotiate in good faith , and as a result , Schultz filed a lawsuit seeking to rescind the sale of the team and transfer the ownership to a court appointed receiver .
He was born in Birmingham , and moved to London in 1889 to study at Trinity College of Music . After a brilliant studentship he did not pursue the classical career predicted for him , becoming musical director of the Vaudeville Theatre before gaining fame as a composer of light music and as a conductor of his own works . For many years Ketèlbey worked for a series of music publishers , including Chappell & Co and the Columbia Graphophone Company , making arrangements for smaller orchestras , a period in which he learned to write fluent and popular music .
On 13 October 2014 , Morrison received his fifth BMI Million Air Award for 11 million radio plays of the song Brown Eyed Girl making it one of the Top 10 Songs of all time on US radio and television . Morrison has also received Million Air awards for Have I Told You Lately The Songwriter 's Hall of Fame announced on 8 April 2015 that Morrison would be the 2015 recipient of the Johnny Mercer Award on 18 June 2015 at their 46th Annual Induction and Awards Dinner in New York City . On 4 February 2016 he was knighted , by Prince Charles , for his musical achievements and his services to tourism and charitable causes in Northern Ireland .
Undrafted out of college , he signed with the Los Angeles Kings as a free agent . He spent four years in their minor league system playing for Phoenix and South Carolina . After a brief stint in the RHI , he joined the Wolves as a free agent . As a member of the Wolves , Breslin was highly involved in charitable activities which led to him winning IHL Man of the Year honors in the 1996 – 97 season . He was a member of Chicago 's Turner Cup champion team the following year . Late in 2004 Breslin was diagnosed with cancer and died 11 weeks later on February 9 , 2005 due to complications from appendiceal cancer .
It comprises two segments , a 5.15 mile ( 8.29 km ) freeway in Middlesex County linking Interstate 287 and the New Jersey Turnpike ( Interstate 95 ) in Edison to the Outerbridge Crossing in Perth Amboy and a 8.18 mile ( 13.16 km ) four lane divided highway in Hudson County running from the Bayonne Bridge in Bayonne to U.S. Route 1 / 9 Truck in Jersey City . These two segments are connected by New York State Route 440 , which runs across Staten Island . The freeway portion in Middlesex County is six lanes wide and interchanges with the Garden State Parkway and U.S. Route 9 in Woodbridge .
It is not a high energy breed , and enjoys the company of family members , being primarily a lapdog . Although able to bond well with children and tolerant of them , it will not accept rough handling . It prefers not to be left alone for long periods . Known as one of the quietest toy breeds , it is suitable for apartment living . The breed can tolerate other pets well , although the King Charles still has the hunting instincts of its ancestors and may not always be friendly towards smaller animals . It is intelligent enough to be used for obedience work and , due to its stable temperament , it can be a successful therapy dog for hospitals and nursing homes .
" Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside his four sons and daughter . She has a close relationship with her step father , who was a member of the Workers Revolutionary Party during her childhood . Beckinsale helped to sell The News Line , a Trotskyist newspaper , as a child and has said the household phone was tapped following Battersby 's blacklisting by the BBC . Family friends included Ken Loach and Vanessa Redgrave . Beckinsale has a paternal half sister , actress Samantha Beckinsale , but they have not had regular contact .
The concrete channel in this area is small and undersized for major floods , which caused it to overflow in the late 1990s and again in 2010 . The Laguna Canyon area supports a variety of native Southern California wildlife , including large mammals such as mountain lions , bobcats , coyotes and mule deer . Like Aliso and Wood Canyons Regional Park to the south , the canyon supports over one hundred species of birds . Some of its endangered species include California gnatcatcher , cactus wren , and orange throated whiptail . Except for the Laguna Lakes , the canyon has no fish habitat , and riparian habitat is sparse because the local creeks have only seasonal flow .
" Hoochie Coochie Man " represents Waters ' recording transition from an electrified , but more traditional Delta based blues of the late 1940s – early 1950s to a newer Chicago blues ensemble sound . The song was important to Dixon 's career and signaled a change as well – Chess became convinced of Dixon 's value as a songwriter and secured his relationship as such with the label . Waters soon followed up with several variations on the sixteen bar stop time arrangement written by Dixon . These include " I Just Want to Make Love to You " , " I 'm Ready " , and " I 'm a Natural Born Lover " .
After media attention , council issued a statement labelling it a slip hazard and requested a permit be obtained before it could be re chalked . The events were covered in The Daily Telegraph , The Australian , Perth Now , and on 2DAY FM . On April 17 , 2013 , it was rechalked by more than 100 people , including local councillor , Alex Lofts . On April 18 , it was again removed , only to be re chalked . Since that date it has remained chalked . A group of families and supporters continue to chalk the rainbow , especially after rain .
The 1996 expedition controversially attempted to raise a section of Titanic itself , a section of the outer hull that originally comprised part of the wall of two First Class cabins on C Deck , extending down to D Deck . It weighed 20 tons , measured 15 by 25 feet ( 4.6 m × 7.6 m ) and had four portholes in it , three of which still had glass in them . The section had come loose either during the sinking or as a result of the impact with the sea bed . Its recovery using diesel filled floatation bags was turned into something of an entertainment event with two cruise ships accompanying the expedition to the wreck site .
He is nicknamed " Zeke " by Sawyer in " The Hunting Party " , which led to some critics using this name for him . In the season two finale " Live Together , Die Alone " , his name is revealed to be Tom . On his character 's death , Gainey noted that " just because they kill you on this show , don 't mean they don 't need you anymore ' cause everybody 's got a past . " In the third season premiere " A Tale of Two Cities " , Tom tells Kate that she is not his type .
Afterward , the Poles went on to invade Galicia , with some success , but the offensive quickly stalled with heavy casualties . The Austrians also won a few battles but were hampered by the presence of Russian troops whose intentions were unclear and that did not allow them to advance . Eventually , the defeat of the main Austrian army at Wagram decided of the fate of the war . After the Austrian invasion of the Duchy of Warsaw , Russia , bound by the treaty of alliance with France , reluctantly entered the war against Austria . The Russian army under the command of General Sergei Golitsyn crossed into Galicia on 3 June 1809 .
Another bridge was built over the creek in 1930 . It is a concrete arch bridge that is 60.0 feet ( 18.3 m ) long . In 1961 , a prestressed box beam bridge was built across the creek . This bridge is 47.9 feet ( 14.6 m ) long . A concrete slab bridge was built over the creek in 1973 and a prestressed box beam bridge was built over it in 1990 . These bridges are 30.8 feet ( 9.4 m ) and 57.1 feet ( 17.4 m ) long , respectively . John Mourey constructed a sawmill and gristmill on Little Catawissa Creek 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) west of Ringtown in 1853 .
This is the home of the headquarters for Commander , United States Naval Forces Central Command ( COMUSNAVCENT ) / United States Fifth Fleet ( COMFIFTHFLT ) , and around 6,000 United States military personnel . Bahrain participates in Saudi Arabian led intervention in Yemen against the Shia Houthis and forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who was deposed in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising . Bahrain established bilateral relations with 190 countries worldwide . As of 2012 , Bahrain maintains a network of 25 embassies , 3 consulates and 4 permanent missions to the Arab League , United Nations and European Union respectively .
The song was inspired by a retired film director who lived in the small town near San Diego where Chris Hillman grew up . John S. Robertson was something of an eccentric figure around the town , regularly wearing a Stetson hat and sporting a white handlebar moustache , which gave him the appearance of a character out of the old American West . In the song , Hillman recalls the children of the town and their cruel laughter at this colorful figure , as well as the combination of awe and fear that he elicited in the townsfolk . During the recording of the song , Crosby switched instruments with Hillman to play bass instead of his usual rhythm guitar .
The gravestones were originally topped with a sculptural evocation of the V shaped Serbian military cap , or šajkača . After Vukovar 's reintegration into Croatia , the gravestones were repeatedly vandalised . The Serb community replaced them with more neutral gravestones without overt military connotations . Vukovar Serbs report feeling marginalised and excluded from places associated with Croatian nationalist sentiment , such as monuments to the Croatian defenders . The Croatian sociologist Kruno Kardov gives the example of a prominent memorial , a large cross made from white stone , where the Vuka flows into the Danube . According to Kardov , Serbs rarely if ever go there , and they feel great stress if they do .
A series of Acts of Parliament were passed , including the Regulating Act of 1773 , Pitt 's India Act of 1784 and the Charter Act of 1813 which regulated the Company 's affairs and established the sovereignty of the Crown over the territories that it had acquired . The Company 's eventual end was precipitated by the Indian Rebellion , a conflict that had begun with the mutiny of sepoys , Indian troops under British officers and discipline . The rebellion took six months to suppress , with heavy loss of life on both sides . The following year the British government dissolved the Company and assumed direct control over India through the Government of India Act 1858 , establishing the British Raj , where an appointed governor general administered India and Queen Victoria was crowned the Empress of India .
As with previous titles in the series , players have the opportunity to develop and improve their characters by defeating enemies and acquiring items , though the traditional experience point system is replaced by a new system called the " Sphere Grid " . Instead of characters gaining pre determined statistic bonuses for their attributes after leveling up , each character gains " Sphere Levels " after collecting enough Ability Points ( AP ) . Sphere Levels allow players to move around the Sphere Grid , a pre determined grid of interconnected nodes consisting of various statistic and ability bonuses .
There exists strong evidence that RIRP holds tightly among emerging markets in Asia and also Japan . The half life period of deviations from RIRP have been examined by researchers and found to be roughly six or seven months , but between two and three months for certain countries . Such variation in the half lives of deviations may be reflective of differences in the degree of financial integration among the country groups analyzed . RIRP does not hold over short time horizons , but empirical evidence has demonstrated that it generally holds well across long time horizons of five to ten years .
In the South Tower , one stairwell , Stairwell A , was left intact after Flight 175 hit , allowing 14 people located on the floors of impact ( including one man who saw the plane coming at him ) and four more from the floors above to escape . New York City 911 operators who received calls from individuals inside the tower were not well informed of the situation as it rapidly unfolded and as a result , told callers not to descend the tower on their own . In total 630 people died in that tower , fewer than half the number killed in the North Tower .
Jackson complained : " never was there such a chance for cavalry ! Oh that my cavalry were in place ! " The exhausted infantry were forced forward again , while Lieutenant Sandie Pendleton of Jackson 's staff was sent to find Steuart . Pendleton eventually found Steuart and gave him the order to pursue Banks ' retreating army but the general delayed , wasting valuable time on a point of military etiquette . He declined to obey the order until it came through General Ewell , his immediate divisional commander . The proper channels had not been followed . A frustrated Pendleton then rode two miles to find Ewell , who duly gave the order , but " seemed surprised that General Steuart had not gone on immediately " .
Stefani 's clothing also took influence from Japanese fashion , in a style described as a combination between Christian Dior and Japan . The dancers are featured in her music videos , press coverage , and on the album cover for Love . Angel . Music . Baby . , with a song named for and dedicated to them on the album . They were also featured in , and the namesake for , Stefani 's Harajuku Lovers Tour . Forbes magazine reported Stefani 's earnings in 2008 , calculating that she earned $ 27 million between June 2007 to June 2008 for her tour , fashion line and commercials , making her the world 's 10th highest paid music personality at the time .
Astronomers had considered the " law " a meaningless coincidence , but Uranus fell at very nearly the exact distance it predicted . Since Bode 's law also predicted a body between Mars and Jupiter that at that point had not been observed , astronomers turned their attention to that region in the hope that it might be vindicated again . Finally , in 1801 , astronomer Giuseppe Piazzi found a miniature new world , Ceres , lying at just the correct point in space . The object was hailed as a new planet . Then in 1802 , Heinrich Olbers discovered Pallas , a second " planet " at roughly the same distance from the Sun as Ceres .
Valérian has also been nominated for a Haxtur Award in 1995 for The Circles of Power and for a Harvey Award in 2005 for The New Future Trilogy , an English language compilation of three of the albums . Valérian first appeared on 9 November 1967 in issue # 420 of the Franco Belgian comics magazine Pilote , and every Valérian story from Bad Dreams to The Rage of Hypsis was initially serialised in Pilote . The second Valérian story , The City of Shifting Waters ( La Cité des Eaux Mouvantes ) , was the first to be collected in graphic novel album format by Dargaud .
Except where prefixed with a letter , postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964 , based on the alignment that existed at the time , and do not necessarily reflect current mileage . R reflects a realignment in the route since then , M indicates a second realignment , L refers an overlap due to a correction or change , and T indicates postmiles classified as temporary ( for a full list of prefixes , see the list of postmile definitions ) . Segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local control may be omitted .
The team upsized the graphic textures as they changed the graphical software to support NVIDIA graphics cards . Within a year after development started in 1999 , the initial minimum graphics specification climbed from requiring Voodoo 1 graphics cards to those of the GeForce series . Planet Moon deemed game engines available during development too restrictive and inappropriate for their requirements , and built their own . Called Amityville , it could support Glide , OpenGL , and Direct3D . The team used it to create the required " lush and vibrant " outdoor environments , and terrain deformation effects .
The DS version was released on May 22 in North America , July 25 in Europe , and on August 3 in Australia . The PC version was released on June 8 in Europe and July 3 in North America , and included a limited edition . Online matchmaking and the card store were opened in tandem with the PSP version 's North American release . PC players used the same services when their version was released . The matchmaking service , the website , store , and other online features were maintained by Agora Games , a gaming company that specializes in online communities .
" Bitch I 'm Madonna " has musical elements from DJ Snake and Lil Jon 's " Turn Down for What " ( 2013 ) with Madonna 's vocals reminiscent of singer Miley Cyrus ' autotuned rapping . The song has a tearing sound alongside the " bleepy electro " and " churning " dubstep composition . It begins with the sound of acoustic guitar reminiscent of Avicii 's single " Wake Me Up " ( 2012 ) , as Madonna coos in the background , " You 're gonna love this " , but quickly changes into an EDM and vaporwave track .
When horses graze under natural conditions , they may spend up to 18 hours per day doing so . However , on modern irrigated pastures , they may have their nutritional needs for forage met in as little as three hours per day , depending on the quality of grass available . Recent studies address the level of various non structural carbohydrates ( NSC ) , such as fructan , in forages . Too high an NSC level causes difficulties for animals prone to laminitis or equine polysaccharide storage myopathy ( EPSM ) . NSC cannot be determined by looking at forage , but hay and pasture grasses can be tested for NSC levels .
The Americans , in contrast , suffered only 8 killed and 22 wounded . Gardner was criticized by Prevost for the mauling his detachment received because he strayed too far from his boats . It was not Gardner 's fault , however , that he had no Loyalist support . The victory of a largely militia force over British regulars was a boost to the Americans ' morale . However , severe losses incurred in early March at Brier Creek delayed American plans to move against Prevost 's forces in Georgia . When Lincoln began moving troops toward Augusta in April , Prevost moved in force toward Charleston , but was able to do little more than briefly blockade the city before retreating back to Savannah .
The bootleg sold several tens of thousands of copies , orders of magnitude more than a typical classical or opera bootleg , and its success resulted in the official release of the live album Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out ! later in the year . " Dub " was one of the founders of the Trade Mark of Quality ( TMOQ or TMQ ) bootleg record label . During the 1970s the bootleg industry in the United States expanded rapidly , coinciding with the era of stadium rock or arena rock . Vast numbers of recordings were issued for profit by bootleg labels such as Kornyfone and TMQ .
In the episode " Requiem " , Oliver takes controlling interest in LuthorCorp after Tess Mercer ( Cassidy Freeman ) , Lex 's handpicked successor for LuthorCorp , sells him the company . As a result , Lex attempts to kill him . Oliver tracks Lex down and blows up the medical caravan that Lex was supposedly traveling in . John Jones ( Phil Morris ) is also introduced in season six , where he appears in " Labyrinth " , guiding Clark out of a fictitious reality that was created by Dr. Hudson , a Phantom Zone criminal attempting to take over Clark 's body .
However , some critics believe that Swift used the incident to " enlarge the affair into another example of English oppression of the Irish . " Swift wrote in a letter to Motte on 25 May 1736 : the cruel oppressions of this kingdom by England are not to be borne . You send what books you please hither , and the booksellers here can send nothing to you that is written here . As this is absolute oppression , if I were a bookseller in this town , I would use all the safe means to reprint London books , and run them to any town in England , that I could , because whoever offends not the laws of God , or the country he lives in , commits no sin .... But I am so incensed against the oppresions from England , and have so little regard to the laws they make , that I do , as a clergyman , encourage the merchants both to export wool and woollen manufactures to any country in Europe , or anywhere else , and conceal it from the Custom house officers , as I would hide my purse from a highwayman , if he came to rob me on the road , although England hath made a law to the contrary ; and so I would encourage our booksellers here to sell your author 's books printed here , and send them to all the towns in England , if I could do it with safety and profit ; because I repeat , it is no offence against God , or the laws of the country I live in .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) filed two formal objections to the road . In response , the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality ( DEQ ) , the state level agency handling the permit application , opened a public comment period and held a public hearing on the matter . Several groups spoke in support and opposition , various local , state and federal officials expressed support for the project , and the EPA maintained its objections . After several deadline extensions , the agency lifted one objection and reiterated a second , setting a 30 day timetable in December 2012 for a final decision .
In Re Hay 's ST , Megarry VC said that : A mere power is very different [ from an ordinary trust obligation ] . Normally the trustee is not bound to exercise it , and the court will not compel him to do so . That , however , does not mean that he can simply fold his hands and ignore it , for normally he must from time to time consider whether or not to exercise the power , and the court may direct him to do this . The holder of a mere power is therefore free to do what he wants with the property he holds ; if he fails to consider his exercise of the power , the courts may force him to do so .
However , even if the direction of selection does reverse in this way , traits that were lost in the past may not re evolve in an identical form ( see Dollo 's law ) . Natural selection within a population for a trait that can vary across a range of values , such as height , can be categorised into three different types . The first is directional selection , which is a shift in the average value of a trait over time — for example , organisms slowly getting taller . Secondly , disruptive selection is selection for extreme trait values and often results in two different values becoming most common , with selection against the average value .
The song was nominated for the Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2003 Grammy Awards . Two variations of the music video were released , one for the original and the other for the Darkchild Remix . Staggered to fit the varying release dates of Crossroads internationally , " I 'm Not a Girl , Not Yet a Woman " was released as the theme song of the film and the second single for Britney in the United States . The song charted at number two on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart , an extension of the twenty five songs that failed to make the Hot 100 .
Voltaire may have been present at his funeral . A bachelor , he had divested much of his estate to relatives during his last years , and died intestate . His papers went to John Conduitt and Catherine Barton . After his death , Newton 's hair was examined and found to contain mercury , probably resulting from his alchemical pursuits . Mercury poisoning could explain Newton 's eccentricity in late life . Although it was claimed that he was once engaged , Newton never married . The French writer and philosopher Voltaire , who was in London at the time of Newton 's funeral , said that he " was never sensible to any passion , was not subject to the common frailties of mankind , nor had any commerce with women — a circumstance which was assured me by the physician and surgeon who attended him in his last moments " .
Revelations from software produced by Virgil Griffith in 2007 called WikiScanner made public the nature of edits on Wikipedia which were able to be traced directly back to Church of Scientology controlled computers . CBS News and The Independent reported that edits by the Church of Scientology were made in attempts to remove criticism from the main article on the topic . The Times and Forbes noted that Scientologist computers were used to remove links between the Church of Scientology and a former anti cult organization , since taken over by Scientology , the Cult Awareness Network . Der Spiegel reported that Wikiscanner revealed Scientology computers were used to promote Scientology 's critical view of psychiatry , including adding links to the Scientology founded Citizens Commission on Human Rights ( CCHR ) and to websites of other groups affiliated with Scientology .
She was commissioned on 24 November 1940 . After a very brief work up , the Fairey Albacore torpedo bombers of 826 and 829 Squadrons and the Fairey Fulmar fighters of 803 Squadron flew aboard and she joined the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow on 12 December . Her stay there was brief as she , escorted by the heavy cruisers Dorsetshire and Norfolk , sailed on 18 December to protect convoys and search for the German cruiser Admiral Scheer which had recently attacked Convoy HX 84 in the North Atlantic . They failed to find the commerce raider and escorted a convoy to Cape Town , South Africa , arriving on 22 January 1941 .
Towards the end of this phase of work the castle was altered in a frantic burst of work , possibly driven on by pressure from the King himself . The height of the curtain wall was increased , the gatehouse extended into an entrance bastion , a new network of underground passages installed , and foreworks added around the outside of the bastions . By the end of 1540 the castle was garrisoned with 17 men and equipped with artillery , with Chute appointed as its captain . The result was a concentric fortress , which von Haschenperg had hoped would combine the best of Italian military architecture , able to carry heavy guns but with a low profile to protect against any incoming artillery fire .
In Ondekoza and in the early performances of Kodo , women performed only dance routines either during or between taiko performances . Thereafter , female participation in kumi daiko started to rise dramatically , and by the 1990s , women equaled and possibly exceeded representation by men . While the proportion of women in taiko has become substantial , some have expressed concern that women still do not perform in the same roles as their male counterparts and that taiko performance continues to be a male dominated profession . For instance , a member of Kodo was informed by the director of the group 's apprentice program that women were permitted to play , but could only play " as women " .
After repairs , she joined Task Group 51 under Rear Admiral Harry W. Hill for an attack on Darrit , steaming for that island on 23 January and arriving 30 January . After shelling the island for 30 minutes , it was discovered no Japanese were ashore . She then moved to support operations on Eniwetok Atoll on 8 February , providing shore bombardment on Parry Island ahead of landings which took place on 19 February . She then screened carriers conducting airstrikes at Palau , Yap , Ulithi , and Woleai between 30 March and 1 April . She then joined with a carrier force assigned to cover the landings around Hollandia and Tanahmerah on New Guinea , which took place from 21 – 24 April .
Feeling empowered again , Leslie asks Jerry to quickly paint another , similar painting , only this time with Tom as the centaur . Leslie tells Marcia the new painting is the original one but painted over . With no more nudity in the painting , a frustrated Marcia gives up her quest to have the painting destroyed . Tom is delighted with the painting until he realizes that Jerry forgot to draw a penis on the centaur . Ben later confides to Andy he likes Leslie but is unable to ask her out because of Chris , but Andy tells him if they truly care about each other , then it will eventually happen .
" Flight attendant Sandra Bradshaw called her husband at 09 : 50 : 04 and told him she was preparing scalding water to throw at the hijackers . Passenger Lauren Grandcolas called her husband twice , once before takeoff and once during the hijacking . He missed both of her calls . She then passed her phone to Honor Elizabeth Wainio . Wainio called her stepmother at 09 : 53 : 43 and concluded , four and a half minutes later , by saying , " I have to go . They 're breaking into the cockpit . I love you .
Though immunity is a concern for transplant recipients , Ritvo remains healthy even though surrounded by horses , dogs , and all of the conditions typical of horse stables . In 2010 , starting horses in 53 races for the year , she also took over the training of then two year old Mucho Macho Man when her husband Tim stopped training horses because he began working as part of the management at Gulfstream Park . Working with owners Reeves Thoroughbred Racing , the horse ran in the 2011 Kentucky Derby . Ritvo was only the 14th woman to train a horse entered in the Kentucky Derby in the 137 years it had been run to that date , and the third place finish of the horse was the best for a woman trainer in the history of the race .
He sent a Roman centurion by the name of Casperius to the camp of Vologases I in Nisibis located 37 miles ( 60 km ) from Tigranocerta with the demand to raise the siege . Because of a recent locust storm and the scarcity of fodder for his horses Vologases I agreed to raise the siege of Tigranocerta and petitioned to be granted Armenia in order to achieve a firm peace . Vologases I demanded that both the Roman and Parthian troops should evacuate Armenia , that Tigranes should be dethroned , and that the position of Tiridates I be recognized .
Later , while being prepared for transfer to maximum security , Michael escapes Smith 's Grove , killing the sanitarium employees and a truck driver for his clothes , and makes his way back to Haddonfield . On Halloween , Michael arrives at his now abandoned childhood home , where he recovers the kitchen knife and Halloween mask he stored under the floorboards the night he killed his sister . The story shifts to Laurie Strode ( Scout Taylor Compton ) , and her friends Annie Brackett ( Danielle Harris ) and Lynda Van Der Klok ( Kristina Klebe ) on Halloween .
The song became a staple of dance clubs and discothèques during the late 1970s . " After the Dance " was hailed as one of Gaye 's signature songs during the late 1970s and was later described by Gaye biographer David Ritz as " emblematic for the final chapter of his career . " I Want You became his fourth album to reach the top ten of the Billboard 200 chart and his fifth number one album on the Soul Albums chart . Despite its chart success , I Want You received mixed reviews from music critics at the time of its release .
The scene was so bloody it made Cranston 's daughter faint during a screening . A major theme of " Box Cutter " , and the entire fourth season , involved Walter 's gradual change into a darker character who becomes more proactively violent and dangerous . The episode also illustrates Jesse 's moral decline and feelings of guilt over his killing of Gale , and Skyler 's growing involvement in Walter 's illegal activities . The episode received positive reviews , and was watched by 2.58 million households , according to Nielsen Media Research . Until the fifth season premiere , " Box Cutter " was the most watched Breaking Bad episode in the series ' history and the third highest rated season premiere for any AMC show , after the first two seasons ' premieres of The Walking Dead .
Cornet Francis Geary , the leader of a company of dragoons , was shot in an ambush set up by local militiamen . After British forces captured New York City in the first part of the New York and New Jersey campaign , they established outposts throughout central New Jersey . Geary , the son of Admiral Sir Francis Geary , was operating from a station at Pennington when he was killed in the ambush . His body was concealed and later buried in a shallow grave , preventing its recovery by British troops . In the 19th century local historical interest led to the confirmation of his grave 's location , and the establishment of markers at the site and in England .
Metcalfe observed that Mercedes is " completely mad " and she " just does whatever she feels like doing at the time . She doesn 't exactly think things through " . Metcalfe further explained that Mercedes did not " consider consequences " , which led her to unintentionally " destroy everything " . She elaborated on this , saying that Mercedes never has a happy ending " because she can 't . I don 't think with Mercedes there is ever a happy ending . Just when something might go her way or something 's going to go right for her , she destroys it " .
In order to be able to run for office , a candidate must be a Belarusian citizen by birth that is over thirty five years old . The candidate must also reside within the Republic for ten years and he or she must be able to cast a ballot legally . The provisions are set down in Article 80 of the Constitution . Elections for president occur every five years by a national vote . Candidates , as soon as they are deemed eligible under Article 80 of the Constitution , are tasked with collecting signatures from eligible voters . After 100,000 signatures are collected and certified , the candidate is declared to be official by the Central Elections Committee .
The remixed version charted at sixty five on the Billboard Hot 100 , and topped the Hot Dance Club Songs chart . It also charted in Australia and its Urban chart , the Czech Republic , New Zealand , while it bubbled under the main charts of Belgium . A music video was created to accompany the song featuring Gaga . It portrayed her and Knowles in a number of costumes , brandishing colorful guns towards men and paying homage to the film Reservoir Dogs and pinup legend Bettie Page . It received mixed feedback from critics who called it un interesting , and felt that it did not present anything new .
The Vikings exerted great influence over Lincolnshire in the 9th and 10th centuries , as can be seen in the many local place names ending in -by , such as Navenby . Names ending with -by meant homestead or village . Archaeological investigations around Navenby indicate the area has been occupied since at least the British Bronze Age , about 600 BC . The remains of British Iron Age farms have been found at Chapel Lane , a site now protected as a public open space by the district and parish councils and supported by Navenby Archaeology Group . Significant Roman finds include parts of shops and houses that would have fronted onto Ermine Street , down which Roman armies marched to and from the Legionary Fortress at Lincoln .
Butler also wondered " if they feel their show served its purpose " . The first episode of the series was seen by 3.7 million viewers , making it UPN 's most watched piece of regularly scheduled programming in the 9pm Tuesday timeslot since March 2004 . The second episode garnered 3 million viewers , finishing in eighty first in its timeslot for the week . The third and fourth episode were viewed by 2.5 million viewers each , while the final , aired an hour earlier at 8 : 00pm Eastern Standard Time , drew 2.1 million viewers . In one month , Britney and Kevin : Chaotic lost 1.6 million viewers .
Paleontologist Jack Horner supervised the designs , to help fulfill Spielberg 's desire to portray the dinosaurs as animals rather than monsters . This led to the entry of certain concepts about dinosaurs , such as the theory that dinosaurs evolved into birds and had very little in common with lizards . One of the first consequences was the removal of the raptors ' flicking tongues in Tippett 's early animatics , as Horner complained it was implausible . Winston 's department created fully detailed models of the dinosaurs before molding latex skins , which were fitted over complex robotics .
This offer was declined and Bourgeois bequeathed the collection to his old school , Dulwich College , on his death . The collection opened in Britain 's first purpose built public gallery , the Dulwich Picture Gallery , in 1814 . The Scottish dealer William Buchanan and another collector , Joseph Count Truchsess , both formed art collections expressly as the basis for a future national collection , but their respective offers ( made in the same year , 1803 ) were also declined . Following the Walpole sale many artists , including James Barry and John Flaxman , had made renewed calls for the establishment of a National Gallery , arguing that a British school of painting could only flourish if it had access to the canon of European painting .
He claimed in 2006 that he had simply lost his appetite for Test cricket and the stress became too much for him . Boycott 's biographer , McKinstry , speculates that the self imposed exile may also have been linked to the appointments of Mike Denness and then Tony Greig to the England captaincy , in preference to Boycott . Boycott was very critical of Denness 's captaincy and his standard of batting in his autobiography in 1987 , citing it as a factor in his decision , along with the pressures at Yorkshire . His weak immune system was a recurring motivation for not touring the Indian subcontinent .
Between 1350 and 1500 an average of 50 fulling mills were operational . The reduced number was due to the unsettled state of the country before , during and after the Glyndŵr Rising ( 1400 – 15 ) . The quality of wool depended on the local breeds of sheep . In the 15th century south east Wales produced particularly high quality wool . Margam in West Glamorgan and Tintern in Monmouthshire were noted for their excellent wool . According to Thomas Fuller 's Church History , Wales specialized in manufacturing friezes . A frieze is a coarse woollen cloth that usually has a nap on one side .
At 10 : 55 , the Ottoman cruiser Mecidiye spotted the Greeks , and the fleet turned south to engage them . A long range artillery duel that lasted for two hours began at around 11 : 55 , when the Ottoman fleet opened fire at a range of 8,000 m ( 26,000 ft ) . They concentrated their fire on the Greek Georgios Averof , which returned fire at 12 : 00 . At 12 : 50 , the Greeks attempted to cross the T of the Ottoman fleet , but Barbaros Hayreddin turned north to block the Greek maneuver .
Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone gave a positive review to the song , describing it as West 's best single since " Stronger " , writing that West " rides a torrid whipsaw beat , as he takes on his spelunking media image , pinballing from self aware ( ' I 'm an asshole ' ) to defiant ( ' Kiss my asshole ' ) . The sentiment is classic Kanye , but he hasn 't melted down this brilliantly in a long time . " Jason Lipshutz from Billboard praised the song , saying , " with its stunning mix of rock leaning production , memorable rhymes and unadulterated attitude , new single ' Power ' is a pissed off shot of adrenaline that plays upon all of the controversial rapper 's strengths .
The large Poitevin mares became rarer , due to large amounts of crossbreeding and a lack of care shown towards breeding stock selection . Thoroughbreds and Thoroughbred crosses , especially at the stud farms in Saint Maixent and La Roche sur Yon , created the Anglo Poitevin type , a half blood used by the army . The continued draining of the marshes also influenced the breed . Many Poitevins at this point were actually a mix of Breton and old type Poitevin bloodstock . However , a distinction persisted between the real Poitevin and mixed blood horses , and farmers who preferred the former preserved the type , which formed the base for the creation of the breed studbook .
The fourth song is " Breakin ' Dishes " ; Peter Robinson of The Observer called it a " wronged woman bonanza , packed with hooks , chants and flashes of lyrical brilliance . " " Shut Up and Drive " is a new wave and pop rock song , influenced by 1970s and 1980s musical styles , sampling New Order 's 1983 single " Blue Monday " . The collaboration with Ne Yo , " Hate That I Love You " , is a folky R & B song ; Nick Levine of Digital Spy compared it to Ne Yo 's singles " Sexy Love " and " Because of You " .
" In his report , Lord Fraser set out a number of recommendations stemming from the inquiry . Primarily , in terms of design selection and when using an international architect linking with a Scottish based firm , the report advised that a full analysis of the compatibility of different working cultures and practices needs to be made . Lord Fraser advocated that when " construction management " contracts were used , civil servants or local government officials should evaluate the risks of such a contract and set out the advantages and disadvantages of embarking upon such a route before their political superiors .
" The Queensland press , still in the wake of the massacre , suggested that Wills , " now a Queenslander " , be approached to captain the colony 's cricket team . Different reasons were put forward at the time to account for the Wills tragedy . For many colonists , it confirmed the popular belief that Aborigines were bloodthirsty savages . Tom never articulated his version of events in writing , but Cedric Wills wrote years later that it was an act of revenge for an attack made on local Aborigines by squatter Jesse Gregson . He quoted Tom as saying , " If the truth is ever known , you will find that it was through Gregson shooting those blacks ; that was the cause of the murder .
Amongst the brought in pieces in the house are two South German reliefs , " The Martyrdoms of St Catherine and St Sebastian " , from an altar of the early 16th century . There are also a series of panels in the Floris style , probably Flemish and with a repeating date 1562 . From 1680 to 1844 the Manor House was the home of prominent Quaker families including the Vickris , the Summers and the Harfords . William Penn preached here in 1687 . The house has 4.9 acres ( 20,000 m2 ) of gardens laid out in the 19th century .
Speedy then underwent another refit , this time at Deptford between June and December 1792 , at a cost of £ 3,000 , and was recommissioned in November 1792 under Commander Charles Cunningham . Cunningham had previously been serving in the East Indies in command of the 16 gun sloop HMS Ariel . By the time he returned to take up his new command the French Revolutionary Wars had broken out and he was sent to join Lord Hood 's fleet in the Mediterranean , arriving there in April 1793 . He was largely employed in carrying despatches and maintaining communications with other ships scattered throughout the Mediterranean ports .
Males emerge first , mate with the females , and cut exit holes through the walls of the fig . The male flowers mature around the same time as the female wasps emerge . The newly emerged female wasps actively pack their bodies with pollen from the male flowers before leaving through the exit holes the males have cut and fly off to find a syconium in which to lay their eggs . Over the next one to five days , figs ripen . The ripe figs are eaten by various mammals and birds which disperse the seeds . Figs flower and fruit asynchronously .
Characterized by white washed tombs and sandy graves , the cemetery is located within the Medina on land adjacent to the Mellah . As one of the principal tourist cities in Africa , Marrakesh has over 400 hotels . Mamounia Hotel is a five star hotel in the Art Deco Moroccan fusion style , built in 1925 by Henri Prost and A. Marchis . It is considered the most eminent hotel of the city and has been described as the " grand dame of Marrakesh hotels . " The hotel has hosted numerous internationally renowned people including Winston Churchill , Prince Charles of Wales and Mick Jagger .
Gordon Stein also noted that the gap between the two balconies was only four feet making passing between them entirely feasible . Joseph McCabe wrote regarding the alleged levitation : No one professes to have seen Home carried from window to window . Home told the three men who were present that he was going to be wafted , and he thus set up a state of very nervous expectation ... Both Lord Crawford and Lord Adare say that they were warned . Then Lord Crawford says that he saw the shadow on the wall of Home entering the room horizontally ; and as the moon , by whose light he professes to have seen the shadow , was at the most only three days old , his testimony is absolutely worthless .
Possibly descended from the Irish Hobby horse , it originally lived a mainly feral existence in the peat bogs of what is now County Kerry in southwestern Ireland . Local inhabitants used the ponies as pack and cart horses for transporting peat and kelp to the villages . The breed developed physical characteristics including a low weight to height ratio and an unusual footfall pattern , which helped it move on soft ground such as peat bogs . The ponies were known for hardiness and an ability to survive in harsh conditions . War , increasing mechanisation and declines in the local small farm population almost resulted in the breed 's extinction .
Most of the book is devoted to pesticides ' effects on natural ecosystems , but four chapters also detail cases of human pesticide poisoning , cancer , and other illnesses attributed to pesticides . About DDT and cancer , the subject of so much subsequent debate , Carson says only a little : In laboratory tests on animal subjects , DDT has produced suspicious liver tumors . Scientists of the Food and Drug Administration who reported the discovery of these tumors were uncertain how to classify them , but felt there was some " justification for considering them low grade hepatic cell carcinomas .
The novel was adapted as a comic strip that was published in the Daily Express newspaper and syndicated worldwide . The adaptation was written by Henry Gammidge and illustrated by John McLusky , and ran daily from 30 March to 8 August 1959 . Titan Books reprinted the strip in 2005 along with Casino Royale and Live and Let Die as a part of the Casino Royale anthology . " Moonraker " was used as the title for the eleventh James Bond film , produced by Eon Productions and released in 1979 . Directed by Lewis Gilbert and produced by Albert R. Broccoli , the film features Roger Moore in his fourth appearance as Bond .
The trailers were omitted from Death Proof , with the exception of Machete which was from Planet Terror . Death Proof was released on September 18 , 2007 , with Planet Terror following on October 16 , 2007 . Both were two disc special editions featuring extended versions of the films . Robert Rodriguez stated in his 10 Minute Film School that a box set of the two films would be available soon , and that his 10 Minute Cook School would appear on it . This release would also reportedly include Hobo with a Shotgun . A six DVD edition of the film was released on March 21 , 2008 in Japan , featuring the films in both their individual extended versions and in the abridged double feature presentation along with previously unreleased special features .
Because Eris appeared to be larger than Pluto , NASA initially described it as the Solar System 's tenth planet . This , along with the prospect of other objects of similar size being discovered in the future , motivated the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) to define the term planet for the first time . Under the IAU definition approved on August 24 , 2006 , Eris is a " dwarf planet " , along with objects such as Pluto , Ceres , Haumea and Makemake , thereby reducing the number of known planets in the Solar System to eight , the same as before Pluto 's discovery in 1930 .
The remarkable find during this period was of pits which were inferred as dwelling units ; these were in circular or oval shape dug in compact natural Karewa soil formation . Some of the deep pits had steps and ladder access to the bottom level . In some of the pits the stratification revealed ash and charcoal layers , which denoted human occupancy . Post holes on the sides of pits at the surface level denoted the presence of superstructures covered with thatch made of birch . Shallow pits of circular shape of 60 – 91 centimetres ( 24 – 36 in ) diameter adjoining the housing pits were found to contain bones of animals and also tools made of bones ( of antlers used for making tools ) and stones ( harpoons , needles with or without eyes , awls ) .
When queried by an interviewer about the reveal of Chad 's sexuality , Divins said the show would include clear representations of " male intimacy " . Divins described feeling uncomfortable shooting the scenes related the storylines , but viewed it as the perfect opportunity to sharpen his skills as an actor by adding " I confronted what was uncomfortable in me , and faced it " . He added that he wanted to make the character and storyline as " grounded and real as possible " and keep the focus on how Chad reconciles with his sexual orientation . To prepare for the storyline , Divins consulted with his gay friends and asked them , " How do you approach a character like this and as a straight guy how do I play a convincing gay character ?
Then 52 years old , Gascoyne had started life as a Houndsditch brewer before he married the daughter of a wealthy physician . He had progressed through the ranks to become Master of the Brewer 's Company , then served as Alderman of Vintry Ward , Sheriff of London , and been knighted after presenting an address to the king . He had argued on behalf of the city 's orphans and was known for his benevolence in Essex , where he owned large estates . Gascoyne at once began a private enquiry and wrote to the Anglican minister at Abbotsville , James Harris .
On 23 September 1943 , two British X class midget submarines penetrated the defences around the battleship 's main anchorage at Kaafjord in northern Norway during Operation Source , and placed explosive charges in the water beneath her . This attack caused extensive damage to Tirpitz , putting her out of service for six months . Following Operation Source , the task of attacking Tirpitz was assigned to the Home Fleet 's aircraft carriers . Following months of preparations , a successful attack ( Operation Tungsten ) involving two strike forces of 20 Fairey Barracuda dive bombers escorted by 40 fighters was conducted on 3 April 1944 .
Holly , a neighbour of Laine 's , joined Wings in time to appear in the promotional video for London Town 's lead single , " With a Little Luck " , having turned down a position with Elton John 's band . According to Wings biographer Garry McGee , Juber and Holly each received a weekly sum equating to less than one fifth of that paid to McCartney , his wife Linda ( the band 's keyboard player ) and Laine . For the new album , Back to the Egg , McCartney decided to collaborate in the studio with producer Chris Thomas , with whom he had begun working on the audio for two films documenting Wings ' last world tour : Wings Over the World , a television documentary , and the cinema release Rockshow ( 1980 ) .
The album debuted at number 1 in the UK on 7 December 1968 . It spent seven weeks at the top of the UK charts ( including the entire competitive Christmas season ) , until it was replaced by the Seekers ' Best of the Seekers on 25 January 1969 , dropping to number 2 . However , the album returned to the top spot the next week , spending an eighth and final week at number 1 . The album was still high in the charts when the Beatles ' follow up album , Yellow Submarine , was released , which reached number 3 .
The director worked 17 to 18 hours a day , seven days a week , for much of the schedule . Del Toro took a new approach to directing actors , allowing " looser " movements and improvisation ; the director maintained tight control over the production : " Everything , 100 % goes through me sooner or later . I do not delegate anything . Some people like it , some people don 't , but it has to be done that way . " The film was shot using Red Epic cameras . At first Guillermo del Toro decided not to shoot or convert the film to 3D , as the effect would not work due to the sheer size of the film 's robots and monsters , explaining I didn 't want to make the movie 3D because when you have things that big ... the thing that happens naturally , you 're looking at two buildings lets say at 300 feet [ away ] , if you move there is no parallax .
Each of the censors reversed their positions : those who had previously seen the breast now did not , and those who had not , now did . They passed the film after the director removed one shot that showed the buttocks of Leigh 's stand in . The board was also upset by the racy opening , so Hitchcock said that if they let him keep the shower scene he would re shoot the opening with them on the set . Since they did not show up for the re shoot , the opening stayed . Another cause of concern for the censors was that Marion was shown flushing a toilet , with its contents ( torn up note paper ) fully visible .
In an interview with Owen Myers of Popjustice , Jesy Nelson said the music video will be continued on their 2013 DNA Tour . Capital London called the video " edgy " . A writer for Cool FM said that the music video is " amazing " and that it does not disappoint . Lizzie Cox of Sugar complimented the video 's storyline and the group 's leather outfits . Cox went on to call the music video " brilliant " and likened its atmosphere to that of comic series Sin City . Fehintola Betiku and Emily Sheridan for the Daily Mail described the video as " sultry " and added : " Little Mix are worlds apart from the four piece who won The X Factor last year in this monochrome four minute clip .
Rights and wrongs aside , Meintjes asserts , Kruger is the central figure of Boer history and one of the " most extraordinary " of South Africans . Following the Union of South Africa under Botha in 1910 , Kruger remained " a vital force in South African politics and Afrikaner culture " . The government wildlife reserve he had proclaimed in 1898 was expanded and dubbed Kruger National Park in 1926 . In 1954 , over half a century after its construction by Anton van Wouw , a bronze statue of Kruger in his characteristic Dopper suit and top hat was erected in Church Square , Pretoria ; Kruger stands atop a plinth surrounded by four crouching Boers from different time periods .
She accused him of physically abusing her from the time of her first pregnancy , beating his first child only days after its birth ( the child was later found to be " brain damaged " ) , and suggesting that during his prison sentence she should be confined to a workhouse . Hopley responded by claiming that he set rules only to ensure the maintenance of his household and the well being of his family , and produced a set of romantic letters he had received from Fanny during his incarceration as evidence of her unforced affection for him .
In an unusual move , Boston College athletic director Gene DeFillippo announced that if Jagodzinski went ahead with an interview , he would be fired as head coach of the Boston College football team . DeFillippo previously stated that a five year contract with Jagodzinski , signed in 2007 , was contingent on the coach staying " for the long term " . Jagodzinski proceeded with the interview and was fired by DeFillippo on January 7 . To replace Jagodzinski , DeFillippo promoted Boston College defensive coordinator Frank Spaziani , who previously served as the Boston College head coach on an interim basis in 2006 .
In November 1677 , Anne 's elder sister , Mary , married their Dutch first cousin , William of Orange , at St James 's Palace , but Anne could not attend the wedding because she was confined to her room with smallpox . By the time she recovered , Mary had already left for her new life in the Netherlands . Lady Frances Villiers contracted the disease , and died . Anne 's aunt Lady Henrietta Hyde ( the wife of Laurence Hyde ) was appointed as her new governess . A year later , Anne and her stepmother visited Mary in Holland for two weeks .
The player targets enemies by pressing the pound key and then pressing " 5 " repeatedly , which also leaves the character vulnerable . Players can run faster than the cars can drive . Saints Row 2 is a mobile tie in action game modeled after the Saints Row 2 console game . It was developed by G5 Entertainment , where it was known as " Project Sienna " in development , and published by THQ Wireless on the Java 2 Micro Edition ( J2ME ) platform . The game was built on their proprietary Talisman engine , which G5 Senior Producer Mike Zakharov said in 2008 enabled the game to have a big environment with many things to do as " one of the most complex modern mobile games " .
Soon after , Wander goes on to defeat the final colossus as Emon 's company arrives in the Shrine of Worship to witness the last temple idol crumble . With a paled and horned Wander appearing soon , Emon orders his warriors to kill the " possessed " man as he approaches Mono and finally falls once stabbed through the heart . However , Emon finds a newly whole Dormin possessing Wander 's body and transforming its host into a shadowy giant . While his men flee , Lord Emon casts the ancient sword into a small pool at the back of the temple 's hall to evoke a whirlwind of light that consumes Dormin and Wander .
During the 1988 presidential election , Kennedy supported the eventual Democratic nominee , Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis , from the start of the campaign . In the fall , Dukakis lost to George H. W. Bush , but Kennedy won re election to the Senate over Republican Joseph D. Malone in the easiest race of his career . Kennedy remained a powerful force in the Senate . In 1988 Kennedy co sponsored an amendment to the Fair Housing Act of 1968 , which prohibits discrimination in the rental , sale , marketing , and financing of the nation 's housing ; the amendment strengthened the ability of the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity to enforce the Act and expanded the protected classes to include disabled persons and families with children .
It is revealed at the end that Surya successfully installed Guru Govind Patel as the Prime Minister of India . Surya is last seen recuperating in a hospital in the company of Chitra , who accepts his proposal . Principal cast Mahesh Babu as Vijay Surya Kajal Aggarwal as Chitra Bhardwaj Prakash Raj as Jaidev Ghanapuleti Nassar as Ajay Bhardwaj Sayaji Shinde as Laalu Raza Murad as Guru Govind Patel Supporting cast Ram Gopal Varma signed Suriya for a multilingual crime film titled The Businessman in May 2010 , to be directed by Puri Jagannadh simultaneously in Telugu , Tamil and Hindi .
Two large lakes , called meres , were formed alongside the castle by damming a local stream . The southern mere , still visible today , had its origins in a smaller , natural lake ; once dammed , it covered 9.4 hectares ( 23 acres ) and had an island with a dovecote built on it . The meres were used for fishing as well as for boating , and would have had extensive aesthetic appeal . It is uncertain exactly when the meres were first built . One theory suggests that the meres were built in the early 13th century , although there is no documentary record of them at least until the 1380s .
" The animators also found it difficult to draw Mr Burns happy . Kramer stated that Burns was " designed to look like a vulture " and look " evil all the time " , so in order to make Burns look happy and more sympathetic , the animators had to change some things in Burns ' regular model . For example , Burns ' eyebrows are not visible through the majority of the episode . The scene with Mr Burns and Gloria on the Ferris wheel was difficult to animate as well , since the animators had to " keep everything moving to sell it .
Oxford were coached by Tom Cottingham Edwards Moss ( who rowed for the Dark Blues four times between the 1875 and the 1878 races ) and William Grenfell ( who rowed for Oxford in 1877 , 1878 and was non rowing boat club president in 1879 ) . The umpire for the race was Frank Willan who won the event four consecutive times , rowing for Oxford in the 1866 , 1867 , 1868 and 1869 races . The Oxford crew weighed an average of 12 st 3.5 lb ( 77.6 kg ) , 3.25 pounds ( 1.5 kg ) per rower more than their opponents .
Stern said , " This music does absolutely nothing for me . Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul ... Spanish people have the worst taste in music . They have no depth . " Stern 's comments outraged and infuriated the Hispanic community in Texas . Stern played Selena 's songs with gunshots in the background on his show . After a disorderly conduct arrest warrant was issued in his name , Stern made an on air statement , in Spanish , saying his comments were not made to cause " more anguish to her family , friends and those who loved her " .
With prices more unstable since 2007 , by February 2013 , he had had to write 14 such letters to chancellors . Having taken over in August 2013 , Governor Mark Carney wrote his first open letter in February 2015 to explain why inflation had fallen below 1 % for the first time in the MPC 's history . This was followed by deflation of 0.1 % in April 2015 , the first month of negative CPI growth since the 1960s , and triggering a second letter . As of February 2015 , Carney has written five such letters . In its first ten years , the MPC kept interest rates relatively stable between 3.5 % and 7.5 % .
Many authors have referred to as many as 28,000 Confederate casualties , and Busey and Martin 's more recent 2005 work , Regimental Strengths and Losses at Gettysburg , documents 23,231 ( 4,708 killed , 12,693 wounded , 5,830 captured or missing ) . Nearly a third of Lee 's general officers were killed , wounded , or captured . The casualties for both sides during the entire campaign were 57,225 . The following tables summarize casualties by corps for the Union and Confederate forces during the three day battle . Bruce Catton wrote , " The town of Gettysburg looked as if some universal moving day had been interrupted by catastrophe .
I had been through the shadows . I had been through the enclosures and come out into the open . " Nevelson also praised new materials like plexiglas and cor ten steel , which she described as a " blessing " . She embraced the idea of her works being able to withstand climate change and the freedom in moving beyond limitations in size . These public artworks were created by the Lippincott Foundry . Nevelson 's public art commissions were a monetary success , but art historian Brooke Kamin Rapaport states that these pieces were not Nevelson 's strongest works , and that Nevelson 's " intuitive gesture " is not evident in the large steel works .
This makes the Milky Way difficult to see from any brightly lit urban or suburban location , but very prominent when viewed from a rural area when the Moon is below the horizon . The new world atlas of artificial night sky brightness shows that more than one third of Earth population cannot see the Milky Way from their homes due to light pollution . As viewed from Earth , the visible region of the Milky Way 's Galactic plane occupies an area of the sky that includes 30 constellations . The center of the Galaxy lies in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius ; it is here that the Milky Way is brightest .
She later wrote that at the age of 15 she ran away to join a funfair , and then lived in a cardboard box under Waterloo Station for four months , although Stapley denied this by saying that she occasionally left home at weekends to travel with a young man who worked for a funfair in London . During her stated period of homelessness , her school records indicate that she and her sister were both enrolled at Usworth comprehensive in Tyne and Wear until April 1983 , and then at Hydeburn Comprehensive , in Balham , on 6 June 1983 , where they both stayed until 2 July 1984 .
When the PDPA ruled Afghanistan , their relationship was referred to as a disciple ( Amin ) following his mentor ( Taraki ) . This official portrayal of the situation was misleading ; their relationship was more work oriented . Taraki needed Amin 's " tactical and strategic talents " ; Amin 's motivations are more uncertain , but it is commonly believed that he associated with Taraki to protect his own position . Amin had attracted many enemies during his career , the most notable being Karmal . According to the official version of events , Taraki protected Amin from party members or others who wanted to hurt the PDPA and the country .
" On hearing of Mickiewicz 's death , his fellow bard Krasiński wrote : " For men of my generation , he was milk and honey , gall and life 's blood : we all descend from him . He carried us off on the surging billow of his inspiration and cast us into the world . " Edward Henry Lewinski Corwin described Mickiewicz 's works as Promethean , as " reaching more Polish hearts " than the other Polish Bards , and affirmed Danish critic Georg Brandes ' assessment of Mickiewicz 's works as " healthier " than those of Byron , Shakespeare , Homer , and Goethe .
The company was established in May 1991 as Bungie Software Products Corporation by University of Chicago undergraduate student Alex Seropian , who later brought in programmer Jason Jones after publishing Jones ' game Minotaur : The Labyrinths of Crete . Originally based in Chicago , Illinois , the company concentrated primarily on Macintosh games during its early years and created two very successful video game franchises called Marathon and Myth . A West Coast offshoot produced the PC and console title Oni . Microsoft acquired Bungie in 2000 ; the project it was working on was repurposed into a launch title for Microsoft 's Xbox console , called Halo : Combat Evolved .
The following two weeks , Gourcuff scored his fifth and sixth goals , respectively , against Nantes in a 2 – 1 victory and Lille in a 2 – 2 draw . After going goalless in the league for seven straight weeks , Gourcuff got back on track scoring against relegation bound Le Havre . On 20 April 2009 , Gourcuff scored his first career double against his former club Rennes in a 3 – 2 victory . In the ensuing three weeks , Gourcuff maintained his form scoring in all three matches , against Sochaux , Valenciennes , and Le Mans giving him a tally of 12 league goals for the season .
The next day , the last act of his reign was the royal assent to His Majesty 's Declaration of Abdication Act 1936 . As required by the Statute of Westminster , all the Dominions consented to the abdication . On the night of 11 December 1936 , Edward , now reverted to the title and style of a prince , explained his decision to abdicate in a worldwide radio broadcast . He famously said , " I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love .
Kingdom Hearts Collector 's Pack : HD 1.5 + 2.5 Remix : The Collector 's pack features both Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix and Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix , a code to get an Anniversary Set for Kingdom Hearts χ , music , and a booklet with art from the series , with a release in Japan . After Kingdom Hearts 3D : Dream Drop Distance , Nomura explained that Square would announce a new Kingdom Hearts game with the staff currently working on it . Moreover , Nomura denied rumors that there would be a sequel to Birth by Sleep or an updated version of Dream Drop Distance .
In Afton village , NY 41 connects to I 88 by way of an eastward extension of Maple Avenue . NY 41 turns northwest at this junction , following Maple Avenue across the Susquehanna River and into the center of the village . Here , NY 41 briefly overlaps with NY 7 before exiting the village and heading northwestward through two more river valleys to the town of Coventry , where it meets NY 206 in the hamlet of Coventryville . The two routes converge here and head west to the hamlet of Coventry , where they intersect the northern end of NY 235 .
Barber had prepared three versions of the design , each with clouds over the eagle ; Leech approved one on October 31 and ordered working dies prepared , but then began to question the presence of the clouds , and had two more versions made . On November 6 , President Harrison and his Cabinet considered which of the designs to approve , and chose one without the clouds ; the following day , Leech ordered working dies prepared . Barber scaled down his design for the quarter and dime . While the Cabinet approved the designs , members requested that the Mint embolden the words " Liberty " on the obverse and " E Pluribus Unum " on the reverse , believing that these legends would wear away in circulation ; despite the resulting changes , this proved to be accurate .
In addition , winners had their names appear in the game 's credits and received a free copy of the game when it was released . To ensure that the audio does not become repetitive , Crash : Mind over Mutant features more than 8,500 lines of dialogue . Many of the voice actors from the previous Crash of the Titans reprised their roles , including Jess Harnell as Crash , Greg Eagles as Aku Aku , Lex Lang as Doctor Neo Cortex , Debi Derryberry as Coco , Nolan North as Doctor N. Gin , John DiMaggio as Uka Uka , Chris Williams as Crunch and Amy Gross as Nina Cortex .
The elevation near the mouth of Hunlock Creek is 512 feet ( 156 m ) above sea level . The elevation near the creek 's source is between 1,140 and 1,160 feet ( 347 and 354 m ) above sea level . The creek 's elevation decreases at a rate of 79.3 feet ( 24.2 m ) per mile . A high ridge runs from near Hunlock Creek westward to the Shickshinny Gap . This ridge is known as Shickshinny Mountain and is made from Pocono beds . Green sandstone and red shale occur along the creek . A sandstone formation containing red quartz pebbles also occurs in the area and at one point forms a 30 foot ( 9.1 m ) high cliff along the creek .
Shortly after the launch of the game , a group of former Team Bondi employees launched a website called lanoirecredits.com , containing over 100 names which had been excluded or incorrectly listed in the official game credits . This was later followed by a series of claims and counter claims about working hours and company managerial style during the game 's development . Anonymous members of the development team publicly discussed the managerial style of the studio , the studio 's staff turnover rates and the working hours and conditions associated with L.A. Noire . In July 2011 , a series of confidential emails were leaked along with further comments from staff members .
Like a train ride you couldn 't stop . " In a limousine on the way to the airport Moon insisted they return to their hotel , saying " I forgot something . " At the hotel he ran back to his room , grabbed the television and threw it out the window into the swimming pool below . He then jumped back into the limo , saying " I nearly forgot . " Fletcher argues that The Who 's lengthy break between the end of their 1972 European tour and the beginning of the Quadrophenia sessions devastated Moon 's health , as without the rigours of lengthy shows and regular touring that had previously kept him in shape , his hard partying lifestyle took a greater toll on his body .
A 2014 paper derives an angular diameter of 42.28 mas ( equivalent to a 41.01 mas uniform disc ) using H and K band observations made with the VLTI AMBER instrument . Central to this discussion is another paper published in 2009 by the Berkeley team , led by Charles Townes , reporting that the radius of Betelgeuse had shrunk from 1993 to 2009 by 15 % , with the 2008 angular measurement equal to 47.0 mas , not too far from Perrin 's estimate . Unlike most earlier papers , this study encompassed a 15 year period at one specific wavelength .
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 12 May 1903 . The ship was 105 meters ( 344 ft ) long overall and had a beam of 12.4 m ( 41 ft ) and a draft of 4.99 m ( 16.4 ft ) forward . She displaced 3,180 t ( 3,130 long tons ; 3,510 short tons ) at full combat load . Her propulsion system consisted of two triple expansion engines manufactured by AG Weser . They were designed to give 8,000 shaft horsepower ( 6,000 kW ) , for a top speed of 21.5 knots ( 39.8 km / h ; 24.7 mph ) .
To raise the money for the $ 3.7 million admission tax , Glickman associated himself to real estate magnates Bob Schmertz of New Jersey , Larry Weinberg of Los Angeles and Herman Sarkowsky of Seattle . Two weeks later , on February 24 , team management held a contest to select the team 's name and received more than 10,000 entries . The most popular choice was " Pioneers " , but that name was excluded from consideration as it was already used by sports teams at Portland 's Lewis and Clark College . The name " Trail Blazers " received 172 entries , and was ultimately selected by the judging panel , being revealed on March 13 in the halftime of a SuperSonics game at the Memorial Coliseum .
Early on August 2 , a well defined tropical wave , although accompanied with disorganized convection , exited the west coast of Africa . Located in a region of low wind shear and warm waters of 79 – 81 ° F ( 26 – 27 ° C ) , a low pressure area developed and became increasingly better defined as it drifted west northwest . Due to a further organized appearance on microwave and geostationary satellite imagery , it is estimated Tropical Depression Six formed at 1800 UTC on August 3 , while located about 130 miles ( 210 km ) south southwest of the southernmost islands of Cape Verde .
This practice was ended by the Treason Act 1695 , passed during the reign of King William III . The Act required that all peers be summoned as Triers . All subsequent trials were held before the full House of Lords . In the House of Lords , technically called the Court of the King ( or Queen ) in Parliament , the Lord High Steward was the President or Chairman of the Court , and the entire House determined both questions of fact and questions of law as well as the verdict . By convention , Bishops and Archbishops did not vote on the verdict , though they were expected to attend during the course of the trial .
Barber , who had been Chief Engraver since 1879 , felt that Saint Gaudens overstated the case , and there was only one man capable of such coinage work — Barber himself . Leech responded to the failed competition by directing Barber to prepare new designs for the dime , quarter dollar , and half dollar , resulting in the Barber coinage , an issue which attracted considerable public dissatisfaction . In 1892 , Saint Gaudens was asked to design the official medal of the World Columbian Exposition in Chicago ; it would be presented to prizewinning exhibitors . The obverse of Saint Gaudens 's design , showing Columbus coming ashore , was noncontroversial ; his reverse , which featured a torch bearing naked youth carrying wreaths to crown the victors , was attacked by the censoring postal agent , Anthony Comstock , as obscene .
President Kennedy issued a disaster declaration for Texas , allowing all jurisdictions in the state to apply for public assistance . The president also declared 6 parishes in Louisiana a disaster area . Helicopters deployed 88 United States Marines to Galveston to patrol devastated areas . A United States Navy task force composed of medical and construction work teams was also sent to the area . Members of the United States National Guard assisted refugees in returning to their homes and worked to prevent looting . Owing the hurricane 's intensity and destruction , the name Carla was retired and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
These points are calculated as the sum of card values in baza , bonus points for declarations and the final trick bonus . The values of cards are associated with their ranks : The rest of the cards ( 7 6 5 4 2 ) are called cartas blancas ( white cards ) because their value is zero round points . A player ( or a pair ) , who wins at least one trick receives an ability to gain more round points upon declaring the card combinations . In Tute in Pairs the declarations can be performed until the end of round ; in Two player Tute this ability persists until only two cards are left in the deck .
Fox , which was already contacted by Gordon in 1987 , received $ 1 million of the gross — the Watchmen adaptation was finally released in March 2009 . In August 1986 , producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to Watchmen for 20th Century Fox , with producer Joel Silver working on the film . Fox asked author Alan Moore to write a screenplay based on his story , but when Moore declined the studio enlisted screenwriter Sam Hamm . On September 9 , 1988 , Hamm turned in his first draft , but said that condensing a 338 page , nine panel a page comic book into a 128 page script was arduous .
A few days later , the monitor was transferred to Washington , D. C. and used to temporarily incarcerate some of the suspected conspirators after the assassination of President Lincoln . She was decommissioned in June and recommissioned in early 1869 for service in the Caribbean and off the coast of Florida . Saugus was again recommissioned in late 1872 and generally remained active until late 1877 . She was condemned in 1886 and sold for scrap in 1891 . The ship was 223 feet ( 68.0 m ) long overall , had a beam of 43 feet 4 inches ( 13.2 m ) and had a maximum draft of 13 feet 6 inches ( 4.1 m ) .
When the Forest Law was repealed , the " small greyhounds " became immensely popular . Whippets were then commonly known as " snap dogs " for their tendency to " snap up " nearby prey . In the picture by Jean Baptiste Oudry ( 1686 – 1755 ) of two dogs presented to Louis XV , they are either whippets or small greyhounds , but are probably related to an early form of whippet . Oudry also painted a second painting of Misse with a different , non sighthound dog . There is a 1758 painting by Pompeo Batoni entitled Portrait of Charles Compton , 7th Earl of Northampton which features a similar whippet like dog .
Heather Phares of AllMusic felt that while Give Up did not measure up to either Gibbard or Tamborello 's main projects , it was nonetheless " far more consistent and enjoyable than might be expected . " Michaelangelo Matos of Rolling Stone described the album as " a cuddly little new wave reverie " and wrote that " Tamborello 's delightful pings and whistles fit Gibbard 's whimsy perfectly . " Devon Powers of PopMatters remarked that " like any worthy match , the coming together gives each aspect assets that they 'd be wont to find otherwise " , concluding that the album " integrates the human and the humanoid to give soundtrack to the disconnected , yet earnest escapades of contemporary emotional life .
Designed as an air superiority day fighter , it evolved into a successful all weather multirole aircraft . Over 4,500 aircraft have been built since production was approved in 1976 . Although no longer being purchased by the U.S. Air Force , improved versions are still being built for export customers . In 1993 , General Dynamics sold its aircraft manufacturing business to the Lockheed Corporation , which in turn became part of Lockheed Martin after a 1995 merger with Martin Marietta . The Fighting Falcon has key features including a frameless bubble canopy for better visibility , side mounted control stick to ease control while maneuvering , a seat reclined 30 degrees to reduce the effect of g forces on the pilot , and the first use of a relaxed static stability / fly by wire flight control system which helps to make it a nimble aircraft .
Tim Sendra of AllMusic said it was one of the tracks from Doo Wops & Hooligans that captured the laid back groove . Scott Mervis of Pittsburgh Post Gazette described the song as a " Jason Mraz / Sugar Ray style reggae . " Sean Fennessey , reviewer of The Washington Post felt the song was written in a " quality that is both endearing and damning " . A mixed review came from Digital Spy reviewer , Lewis Corner , commented on the song being a " summery ditty more head boppable than a Churchill nodding dog , which , given his current state of mind , is probably about all he could muster " , giving it three starts out of five .
Many mobile spin offs are related to Persona 3 : there is an RPG side story titled Persona 3 Em , an action game prequel set ten years prior to Persona 3 titled Aegis : The First Mission , and an alternate version of Persona 3 featuring different characters titled Persona 3 Social . Multiple Persona 3 themed puzzle games have also been developed . An online mobile RPG set around the high school featured in Persona 3 , titled Persona Mobile Online , was released in 2009 . Persona 4 likewise received a mobile spin off , this time a card game titled Persona 4 The Card Battle .
The New York Supreme Court dismissed both the lawsuit and a countersuit by Gaga . In addition to such strife , Gaga was tested borderline positive for lupus , but claimed not to be affected by the symptoms . The singer addressed the matter in an interview with Larry King , saying she hopes to avoid symptoms by maintaining a healthy lifestyle . In February 2011 , Gaga released the lead single " Born This Way " from her studio album of the same name . The song debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming the 1,000th number one single in the history of the charts .
These may include Auspitz 's sign ( pinpoint bleeding when scale is removed ) , Koebner phenomenon ( psoriatic skin lesions induced by trauma to the skin ) , and itching and pain localized to papules and plaques . The cause of psoriasis is not fully understood , but a number of theories exist . Around one third of people with psoriasis report a family history of the disease , and researchers have identified genetic loci associated with the condition . Identical twin studies suggest a 70 % chance of a twin developing psoriasis if the other twin has the disorder .
Credits for Heat , adapted from the CD liner notes : Executive producer - Beyoncé Knowles , Moe Cohen Vocals - Knowles Mastering - Tom Coyne Producers - Knowles , Chink Santana , Achillies Sparta , Peter Krakczar , Catalyst , Frank DeMaria , Anthony Saputo , Peace Bisquit Remix Coordination - Angelo " Pepe " Skordos , Bill Coleman Midnight Heat was released in July 2012 following Heat Rush . It is packaged in a purple bottle . According to Beyoncé 's official website , " For [ her ] , fragrance is an essential accessory to highlight your inner radiance , confidence and sex appeal .
He then opens his old Christmas present ( a flotation device ) and putting it in a pool . A furious Gloria angry at Manny not wanting to go his own party shoots the flotation device with a BB gun Jay gave him . In the car , Jay finally tells Gloria the truth making her furious . After all the family members see that they are about to arrive late , they race to the restaurant , coming close to crashing into each other . The scene then goes to Manny finishing his speech saying that he has enough time to act like a kid , as his older family members still do .
Gold was also discovered in Lytle Creek in that same year . Following the gold rush , the cultivation of citrus became the mainstay of the economy of the lower Santa Ana River area . Through the late 19th century , citrus fields covered much of the coastal plain and led to the naming of Orange County . Notwithstanding the increased prosperity in the 1860s , this decade was also the scene of a series of natural disasters . In the Great Flood of 1862 , heavy rains dropped by a series of winter storms caused the Santa Ana to burst its banks , flooding thousands of acres of land and killing 20 to 40 people in the greatest flood it had experienced in recorded history .
Written by Blu Sanders , Natalie Hemby , and Lindsay Chapman , and produced by Dann Huff , it features country music singer Vince Gill on backing vocals . The song premiered on WSIX FM radio station on October 29 , 2012 , and was made available for purchase on iTunes store on the following day . It was officially sent to country radio stations on November 15 , 2012 . Musically , " Don 't Rush " is a country song with influences of country soul and soft rock . It is Clarkson 's second country single as a main act .
Chicago Options Associates is a finance company incorporated in Chicago , Illinois which specializes in trading options and futures contracts . It was founded in 1987 by Michael E. Davis ( a 1983 MBA graduate from the University of Chicago ) and Oliver R. W. Pergams , who received a bachelor 's degree from that school in 1981 . The company originally had offices in Chicago and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The chief executive officer of Chicago Options Associates in 1994 was Michael Davis , and the company had established a successful reputation in Chicago . Davis hired Indiana University economics Ph.D. graduate student Jimmy Wales to analyze the company 's pricing model strategy ; Wales left his graduate program to join the company as research director , serving in that capacity from 1994 through 1998 .
Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two and a half stars out of four . Vitaris noted that the episode did " an adequate job , but all in all , this is a filler episode , more substitutes than the real thing " . Tom Kessenich , in his book Examination : An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files wrote that , " ' Three of a Kind ' took the premise [ of the Lone Gunmen ] and ran with it , offering up a quasi entertaining effort that indulges [ the trio ] ' s paranoia , banishes Mulder from sight and offers up a very flirtatious Dana Scully .
At the same time an analysis by Robert Stevick suggests that the designs for both covers were intended to follow a sophisticated geometric scheme of compass and straightedge constructions using the " two true measures of geometry " , the ratio between Pythagoras ' constant and one , and the golden section . However slips in the complicated process of production , some detailed below , mean that the finished covers do not quite exhibit the intended proportions , and are both slightly out of true in some respects . Although it seems clear from the style of the script that the text was written at Monkwearmouth Jarrow , it is possible that the binding was then added at Lindisfarne ; the form of the plant scrolls can be compared to those on the portable altar also found in Cuthbert 's coffin , presumed to have been made there , though also to other works of the period , such as the shaft of an Anglo Saxon cross from Penrith and the Vespasian Psalter .
Soon after Flocke was rescued in January , the city secured branding rights to her name . An official logo was subsequently released by the zoo . Flocke became part of a major publicity campaign in Nuremberg when she was depicted along with the phrase " Knut war gestern " ( Knut is yesterday 's bear ) on posters for the city 's metropolitan region . These posters were displayed at numerous bus and train stops all over the city . Dubbed " Flocke fever " by the press ( similar to the " Knutmania " from the previous year ) , the cub 's popularity soared in early 2008 .
His father accepted a position as professor and director of the Institute of Physiology at the University of Kiel in 1912 , and the family moved into the director 's apartment at the Institute . He was initially schooled privately by a professional teacher as part of a group of eight girls and boys . The family moved again in 1915 when his father became the head of the new Institute of Physiology at the University of Frankfurt am Main . Bethe attended the Goethe Gymnasium in Frankfurt , Germany . His education was interrupted in 1916 , when he contracted tuberculosis , and he was sent to Bad Kreuznach to recuperate .
More recently Francesca Tinti has arrived at a different conclusion , arguing instead that Hemming 's work , more so than the Liber Wigorniensis , came to serve very real needs , and that these specifically concerned the monastic community at Worcester . Although the Prefatio is silent about monks , the Enucleatio is explicit that Bishop Wulfstan had commissioned the work to defend the estates assigned for the sustenance of the monks ( ad victum monachorum ) . She relates these concerns to the rapid growth of the community during Bishop Wulfstan 's episcopate in the second half of the 11th century .
The legal burden , on the other hand , would be on the Respondent to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the impugned statement does not constitute fair criticism , and that it presents a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice . If , however , the concept of fair criticism constitutes a defence , then the legal burden would shift to the alleged contemnor to show on the balance of probabilities that the impugned statement amounts to fair criticism . " The Court approved the factors set out by the High Court in Attorney General v. Tan Liang Joo John ( 2009 ) that are relevant in establishing that criticism of the courts is fair : Criticism must be supported by argument and evidence .
The firm was first rocked by scandal on May 12 , 1986 , when Dennis Levine , a Drexel managing director and investment banker , was charged with insider trading . Levine pleaded guilty to four felonies , and implicated one of his recent partners , arbitrageur Ivan Boesky . Largely based on information Boesky promised to provide about his dealings with Milken , the Securities and Exchange Commission initiated an investigation of Drexel on November 17 . Two days later , Rudy Giuliani , the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , launched his own investigation .
In the flood 's wake , the U.S. Congress passed the Flood Control Act of 1968 , which provided funding for construction of the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project on the Chena River upstream of Fairbanks . The project was built between 1973 and 1979 and diverts the Chena River into the Tanana River when the former river rises above a certain level . A chain of dikes were built along the Tanana River to prevent high water from that river flooding Fairbanks from the south . Many businesses benefited from low interest federal loans to rebuild , which was done quickly .
Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on July 20 , 1969 , at 20 : 18 UTC . Armstrong became the first to step onto the lunar surface six hours later on July 21 at 02 : 56 : 15 UTC ; Aldrin joined him about 20 minutes later . They spent about two and a quarter hours together outside the spacecraft , and collected 47.5 pounds ( 21.5 kg ) of lunar material for return to Earth . The third crew member , Michael Collins , piloted the Command Module Columbia alone in lunar orbit while they were on the Moon 's surface .
Hartlaub 's unusual spelling of its specific epithet as two words led some to spell the name emini or emini bey . No subspecies are recognised , but one was described by British ornithologist George L. G. Van Someren in 1922 from Archers Post in central Kenya , as Sorella eminibey guasso . Hartlaub considered the chestnut sparrow 's colouration and morphology to be distinct enough to allocate it to its own monotypic genus , Sorella . Although several authors have followed Hartlaub 's treatment , it is usually placed in the genus Passer . It is very similar to the two golden sparrows , from which it may have once been only clinally different .
Governor Oliver P. Morton , a major supporter of President Abraham Lincoln , quickly made Indianapolis a gathering place to organize and train troops for the Union army . The city became a major railroad hub for troop transport to Confederate lands , and therefore had military importance . Twenty four military camps were established in the vicinity of Indianapolis . Camp Morton , the initial mustering ground to organize and train the state 's Union volunteers in 1861 , was designated as a major prisoner of war camp for captured Confederate soldiers in 1862 . In addition to military camps , a state owned arsenal was established in the city in 1861 , and a federal arsenal in 1862 .
Participants included Joe Rohde from Walt Disney Imagineering and scientists from Conservation International and Disney 's Animal Kingdom . The expeditions and the making of the attraction were chronicled in three documentaries broadcast on Discovery 's cable television channels in April 2006 . The first was Expedition Everest : Journey to Sacred Lands , broadcast on the Travel Channel on April 9 to coincide with the attraction 's grand opening . The second , Building A Thrill Ride : Expedition Everest , was aired on April 10 and detailed the planning and construction of the ride , along with some of the ideas that made it possible .
In the first round , two Crimson Tide players were selected : Mosley ( 17th Baltimore Ravens ) and Clinton Dix ( 21st Green Bay Packers ) . Kouandjio was selected in the second round ( 44th Buffalo Bills ) ; Norwood ( 123rd Seattle Seahawks ) was selected in the fourth round ; Stinson ( 160th Arizona Cardinals ) , McCarron ( 164th Cincinnati Bengals ) and Sunseri ( 167th New Orleans Saints ) were selected in the fifth round ; and Pagan ( 177th Houston Texans ) was selected in the sixth round . In the days after the draft , several players from the 2013 squad that were not drafted signed as undrafted free agents .
On May 21 , 2012 he was sentenced to 10 years in prison , including the length of his detention in the US , leaving eight and a half years for him to serve . He was also ordered to serve three years under supervised release after his release from prison . His lawyers called it " a good deal , " according to them , Abergil was facing the risk of getting a life sentence . He is to serve his time in Israel . Moshe Malul pleaded guilty to a charge of racketeering conspiracy , admitting to conspiracy to commit murder and conspiracy to import the drug Ecstasy to the U.S. In his plea agreement , he acknowledged that as part of the Abergil crime family , he hired members of the Vineland Boyz street gang based in North Hollywood , to kill Sami Atias in retaliation for stealing Ecstasy that belonged to the Abergil organization .
The engines proved to be more powerful than anticipated and Swiftsure exceeded 20 knots ( 37 km / h ; 23 mph ) during sea trials . She carried a maximum of 2,048 long tons ( 2,081 t ) of coal , enough to steam 6,210 nautical miles ( 11,500 km ; 7,150 mi ) at 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . In service she and her sister proved to be more economical than first thought with an estimated range of 12,000 nautical miles ( 22,000 km ; 14,000 mi ) at 10 knots .
The case also clarified the level of constitutional scrutiny that should be applied to content based restrictions on speech . In 2005 , Gilbert , Arizona adopted a municipal sign ordinance that regulated the manner in which signs could be displayed in public areas . The ordinance imposed stricter limitations on signs advertising religious services than signs that displayed " political " or " ideological " messages . When the town 's Sign Code compliance manager cited a local church for violating the ordinance , the church filed a lawsuit in which they argued the town 's sign regulations violated its First Amendment right to the freedom of speech .
The enzymes of the citric acid cycle are located in the mitochondrial matrix , with the exception of succinate dehydrogenase , which is bound to the inner mitochondrial membrane as part of Complex II . The citric acid cycle oxidizes the acetyl CoA to carbon dioxide , and , in the process , produces reduced cofactors ( three molecules of NADH and one molecule of FADH2 ) that are a source of electrons for the electron transport chain , and a molecule of GTP ( that is readily converted to an ATP ) . The redox energy from NADH and FADH2 is transferred to oxygen ( O2 ) in several steps via the electron transport chain .
Waddle personally directed the maneuvers . According to Waddle , the DVs " were loving it . " Waddle adds , " I could barely suppress a smile as I watched the expressions of joy and amazement on the faces of our distinguished visitors . " During the maneuvers , several civilians in the sonar room conversed with the sonar technicians , who were at the same time trying to keep track of any sonar contacts in the vicinity . As the high speed maneuvers finished at 13 : 30 , Waddle called for Greeneville to perform an emergency dive ( called an " emergency deep " ) followed by an emergency main ballast blow , a maneuver that brings the submarine from a depth of about 400 feet ( 120 m ) to the surface in a few seconds by using high pressure air to force the water out of the ship 's ballast tanks as quickly as possible .
Since its original release on Bringing It All Back Home , live versions of the song have been issued on The Bootleg Series Vol . 6 : Bob Dylan Live 1964 , Concert at Philharmonic Hall , Before the Flood and Bob Dylan at Budokan . Dylan can also be seen performing the song in the film Dont Look Back and the video of the HBO special Hard to Handle . The song has been covered by a number of other artists , including Roger McGuinn , The Byrds , Billy Preston , Hugo Race , Terence Trent D 'Arby , Mick Farren , Caetano Veloso , Marilyn Scott , and The Duhks .
He never contracted the illness , but was nevertheless removed from the crew and replaced by his backup , Jack Swigert , three days before the launch . Young , a captain in the United States Navy , had flown on three spaceflights prior to Apollo 16 : Gemini 3 , Gemini 10 and Apollo 10 , which orbited the Moon . One of 19 astronauts selected by NASA in April 1966 , Duke had never flown in space before Apollo 16 . He served on the support crew of Apollo 10 and was a Capsule Communicator ( CAPCOM ) for Apollo 11 .
As with humans , the symptoms are predominantly autonomic in nature alongside pain at the bite site . Dogs may also suffer vomiting and diarrhoea , muscle tremors or clonic contractions , and abdominal wall rigidity , while cats may salivate excessively , protrude their tongue or be overexcitable . Most traditional or historical first aid treatments for redback spider bites are either useless or dangerous . These include making incisions and promoting bleeding , using ligatures , applying alkaline solutions , providing warmth , and sucking the venom out . In modern first aid , incising , sucking , applying bandages and tourniqueting are strongly discouraged .
These new villages had adopted an open field system in which fields were divided into small strips of land , individually owned , with crops rotated between the field each year and the local woodlands and other common lands carefully managed . Agricultural land on a manor was divided between some fields that the landowner would manage and cultivate directly , called demesne land , and the majority of the fields that would be cultivated by local peasants , who would pay rent to the landowner either through agricultural labour on the lord 's demesne fields or through cash or produce .
The air was crowded with them , and the surface of the water covered . Large trouts sucked them in as they lay struggling on the surface of the stream , unable to rise till their wings were dried ... Their motions are very peculiar , up and down for so many yards almost in a perpendicular line . The mayfly has come to symbolise the transitoriness and brevity of life . The English poet George Crabbe , known to have been interested in insects , compared the brief life of a newspaper with that of mayflies , both being known as " Ephemera " , things that live for a day : The theme of brief life is echoed in the artist Douglas Florian 's 1998 poem , " The Mayfly " .
A Safe Area , Srebrenica : Europe 's Worst Massacre Since the Second World War . London : Pocket Books . ISBN 0 671 00499 9 . OCLC 37329422 . Allin , Dana ( 2002 ) . NATO 's Balkan Interventions . Adelphi Paper 347 . International Institute for Strategic Studies . ISBN 0 19 851676 2 . " Bosnian Serb leader parlays with Carter , promises peace moves " . Deutsche Presse Agentur . December 15 , 1994 . Cohen , Roger ( November 22 , 1994 ) . " NATO , Expanding Bosnia Role , Strikes a Serbian Base in Croatia " .
Travelers may also take jeepneys en route to Cabatuan , Calinog or Janiuay , all of which stop at Santa Barbara . A train linking Iloilo International Airport to Iloilo City proper , similar to the Airport Express in Hong Kong and similar systems in other cities , has been proposed . A study to determine the feasibility of a train service has since been commissioned by the city government . Other proposals to connect the airport to the city via rail include the revival of the currently defunct Panay Railways network which has a station in Santa Barbara town proper .
He defeated Yu Delu 4 – 1 in the last 16 , and then defeated world number one Mark Selby 5 – 1 in the quarterfinals , finishing with a break of 132 . A 6 – 3 victory over Joe Perry in the semi final secured a place in the final against Neil Robertson . Despite trailing 3 – 5 after the afternoon session , O 'Sullivan won all six frames played in the evening session , finishing with a break of 141 to defeat Robertson 9 – 5 and equal John Higgins 's record of four Welsh Open titles .
Ms. Jackson has a tremendous following inside the LGBT community and out , and having her stand with us against the defamation that LGBT people still face in our country is extremely significant . Jackson spoke with Larry King on CNN , supporting the It Gets Better Project and The Trevor Project , a non profit organization providing crisis and suicide prevention for LGBT youth , in light of the high profile suicides committed in Fall , 2010 . She stated : " ( I was ) one of those kids ... holding everything inside ... internalizing everything . And that really can affect you , and feeling helpless and hopeless , and finding that person that you can trust , that adult , like I did later on in life , that I felt comfortable and safe to tell my issues , my worries , my pains , my aches to .
The 18th century was a time of significance with the founding of the Royal Academy , a classicism based on the High Renaissance prevailed — Thomas Gainsborough and Joshua Reynolds became two of England 's most treasured artists . The Norwich School continued the landscape tradition , while the Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood with their vivid and detailed style revived the Early Renaissance style — Holman Hunt , Dante Gabriel Rossetti and John Everett Millais were leaders . Prominent amongst 20th century artists was Henry Moore , regarded as the voice of British sculpture , and of British modernism in general .
In loose Polish parlance , the term " cipher " ( " szyfr " ) refers to both these two principal categories of cryptography . ( The opposite is the practice in English , which loosely refers to both codes and ciphers as " codes . " ) During the Polish – Soviet War ( 1919 – 1921 ) , some one hundred Russian ciphers were broken by a sizable cadre of Polish cryptologists who included army Lieutenant Jan Kowalewski and three world famous professors of mathematics — Stefan Mazurkiewicz , Wacław Sierpiński and Stanisław Leśniewski . Russian army staffs were still following the same disastrously ill disciplined signals security procedures as had Tsarist army staffs during World War I , to the decisive advantage of their German enemy .
Manning said the guards had begun issuing conflicting commands , such as " turn left , don 't turn left , " and upbraiding her for responding to commands with " yes " instead of " aye . " Shortly afterwards , she was placed on suicide watch , had her clothing and eyeglasses removed , and was required to remain in her cell 24 hours a day . The suicide watch was lifted on January 21 after a complaint from her lawyer , and the brig commander who ordered it was replaced . On March 2 she was told that her request for removal of POI status — which entailed among other things sleeping wearing only boxer shorts — had been denied .
Vincenzo Nibali was forced to unclip himself from his bike , but avoided crashing . The peloton was reduced to around 40 riders at the foot of the climb . Although there were no bad injuries in the crash , Roche and Arashiro took some time to stand up , with Roche looking particularly dazed . Many of the riders who crashed attempted to get back into the peloton , with Gerrans and Martin among them . Gerrans was forced to abandon the race shortly afterwards after he crashed for a second time . On the Col de la Redoute itself , Kangert was dropped from the breakaway ; Scarponi and Chaves had a 35 second lead at the summit and were caught around 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) later .
Both Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission have their headquarters at Belur Math . Vivekananda founded two other monasteries : one in Mayavati in the Himalayas ( near Almora ) , the Advaita Ashrama and another in Madras . Two journals were founded : Prabuddha Bharata in English and Udbhodan in Bengali . That year , famine relief work was begun by Swami Akhandananda in the Murshidabad district . Vivekananda earlier inspired Jamshedji Tata to set up a research and educational institution when they travelled together from Yokohama to Chicago on Vivekananda 's first visit to the West in 1893 . Tata now asked him to head his Research Institute of Science ; Vivekananda declined the offer , citing a conflict with his " spiritual interests " .
Trench warfare , shelling and sniping continued all month but there was no major attack . The regiment spent their time rotating through the front and resting at the rear . On 1 July reinforcements of four officers and ninety seven other ranks arrived . On 18 July the regiment returned to the front , relieving the Canterbury Mounted Rifles , each squadron with two troops forward and the other two in reserve . They remained there until 31 July when they were relieved by the 10th Light Horse Regiment . Returning to the rear , the regiment only had twenty four officers and 338 other ranks , almost 200 men short of full establishment .
Middlesex County Council contributed 75 % of the cost , as the urban district council argued that many of those who would make use of the land would be recreational day trippers from outside the district . Under a 999 year lease , the council agreed to maintain the wood and ensure no new building was constructed without the permission of the county council . An area of the wood to the south was not included in the lease agreement and three residential roads were later constructed on it . Copse Wood was purchased by Middlesex County Council and London County Council in 1936 for £ 23,250 , being joined by Mad Bess Wood in the same year .
Surface observations and ship reports suggested that it developed into Tropical Storm Debby on September 10 , despite poor organization evidenced by satellite imagery . Peaking with winds of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) , the storm moved westward through the Leeward Islands and encountered wind shear which limited the storm 's intensity and organization . Wind shear caused the system to deteriorate , and the circulation degenerated into a tropical wave on September 11 . Tropical Storm Debby killed four people and injured 24 on St. Lucia . Heavy rainfall caused flooding and mudslides , which washed away hillside shacks , eight bridges , and parts of roads .
He fought for France in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars . He enlisted in 1781 and , in his 30 year career , he saw action at the major French defeats and victories in Europe . He fought in André Masséna 's Army of Switzerland , where he participated in the Winterthur and First and Second Battles of Zürich , the campaigns of 1806 against Prussia , and Napoleon 's invasion of Russia . After the Russian and Saxon campaign , while suffering from exhaustion , he contracted typhus and died in Kusel , in the Saarland . He was buried at the Panthéon , and his name is listed on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris .
These drugs are characterized by fast action , high efficacy and good tolerance . They kill the asexual forms of P. berghei and P. cynomolgi and have transmission blocking activity . In 1985 , Zhou Yiqing and his team combined artemether and lumefantrine into a single tablet , which was registered as a medicine in China in 1992 . Later it became known as “ Coartem ” . Artemisinin combination treatments ( ACTs ) are now widely used to treat uncomplicated falciparum malaria , but access to ACTs is still limited in most malaria endemic countries and only a minority of the patients who need artemisinin based combination treatments receive them .
Yasutaka chops and stutters the absolute shit out of the post chorus sections in a way which cements his position as one of the best knob twiddlers in the music biz right now . " Laser Beam " was a great song in May . It 's still great now . " He identified it as an album highlight , and the album 's best track . Ian Martin from The Japan Times was favorable in his review , stating , " The chorus ... of " Laser Beam " are great examples of classic Japanese pop , taking the sounds of 1970s kayōkyoku and 1980s technopop and updating them in a way that manages to be at once nostalgic and defiantly modern .
The diagonal composition reinforces the off kilter motion of the six figures falling in progression . It is considered a masterwork for its accurate detail and composition . Copies include a larger version by Bruegel 's son Pieter Brueghel the Younger , and the work has inspired literature such as poetry by Charles Baudelaire and William Carlos Williams , and a novel by Gert Hofmann . It was painted the year before Bruegel 's death , and has a bitter , sorrowful tone . This may be related to the establishment of the Council of Troubles in 1567 by the government of the Spanish Netherlands .
Insects are noted for their nutrients , having a high content of protein , minerals and fats and are eaten by one third of the global population . Scarab beetles held religious and cultural symbolism in Old Egypt , Greece and some shamanistic Old World cultures . The ancient Chinese regarded cicadas as symbols of rebirth or immortality . In Mesopotamian literature , the epic poem of Gilgamesh has allusions to Odonata which signify the impossibility of immortality . Amongst the Aborigines of Australia of the Arrernte language groups , honey ants and witchety grubs served as personal clan totems .
European Open winner Stephen Maguire defeated Australian Robertson 5 – 3 , while world number 48 Murphy beat McCulloch 5 – 2 . Michael Holt , in his first season in the top 32 , beat Dave Harold 5 – 2 , and Mark King defeated Selby by the same scoreline . Ali Carter whitewashed Belgian 's number one Bjorn Haneveer 5 – 0 in 76 minutes , while Barry Hawkins prevailed 5 – 4 over Joe Perry , despite the latter making the highest break so far with a 133 . John Parrott made a century break in his 5 – 3 victory over Jamie Burnett , while Joe Jogia won four consecutive frames to overcome Joe Swail 5 – 4 .
Cook enters the house through a window , but accidentally locks himself inside a wardrobe . After calling his friend , Freddie Mclair ( Luke Pasqualino ) , for help , JJ goes into the house by himself and sees Emily and Naomi kissing . Katie , too , witnesses the pair kissing , but is interrupted when her footballer boyfriend , Danny Guillermo ( Henry Garrett ) , and dozens of his friends arrive at the house to crash the party . Hiding from the rest of the party , Effy finds Cook , and they have sex in the wardrobe .
The tribe amended their complaint , abandoning their request for injunctive relief and instead asking only for a declaratory judgment . Judge Gignoux allowed the state of Maine to intervene . Judge Gignoux 's ruling was issued on January 20 , 1975 , eighteen months after the oral arguments concluded . Judge Gignoux ruled in the tribe 's favor on the first two questions , and thus did not reach the third : whether the Nonintercourse Act applies to the Passamaquoddy Tribe ; whether the Act establishes a trust relationship between the United States and the Tribe ; whether the United States may deny plaintiffs ' request for litigation on the sole ground that there is no trust relationship The defendants appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit .
Design producer Justin Vazquez said , " Hacking is really what separates her from the other characters ... Our intention was that Batgirl should be less powerful than Batman , but that Batgirl plus hacking could give her opportunities to do things that not even Batman can pull off . " The content was released on July 14 , 2015 , for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , with the Windows release on October 28 , 2015 . Additional content released in August 2015 included : the " 1989 Movie Batmobile " pack , which includes a skin based on the suit worn by Michael Keaton from Batman , the Batmobile from the film , and two racetracks based on the film and its sequel , Batman Returns ; the " Bat family Skins " pack , which includes six character skins based on alternate timelines ; and content previously released as pre order bonuses .
In addition , reproduction through spore dispersal requires the spore to land in suitable conditions for generating a gametophyte , typically in bright sunlight on thin serpentine soils . These requirements allow A. viridimontanum to colonize recently disturbed sites on ultramafic outcrops , where bedrock has been exposed and competing plants have been removed . The populations appear stable , with the long life of individuals compensating for low recruitment rates . Little is known about the role of A. viridimontanum in the ecosystem . In general , ferns are less susceptible to herbivory than flowering plants due to higher levels of toxic and distasteful compounds in their foliage .
The team also failed to make the grid sometimes : Brundle failed to prequalify at the Canadian Grand Prix and the French Grand Prix . The team finished 9th in the Constructors ' Championship at the end of the season . After Luhti 's arrest on tax fraud charges in mid 1989 , several parties disputed the ownership of the team . Middlebridge Group Limited , a Japanese engineering firm owned by billionaire Koji Nakauchi , was already involved with established Formula 3000 team Middlebridge Racing and gained control of Brabham for the 1990 season . Herbie Blash had returned to run the team in 1989 and continued to do so in 1990 .
Seven flights out of Tokyo at Haneda airport were cancelled due to Maria . The JR Ito Line , an express train line , was temporarily shut down as a result of rain . As Maria brushed Japan , it produced heavy rains over the southeastern areas of the country . Yokota Air Base recorded 38.1 mm ( 1.5 in ) of rainfall and winds up to 34 km / h ( 21 mph ) . Parts of the Izu Peninsula recorded rainfall in excess of 400 mm ( 15.7 in ) over a two day span , peaking at 458 mm ( 18.0 in ) in Tokyo .
Terry Hayes 's script , titled Return of the Apes , would have starred Arnold Schwarzenegger , under the direction of Phillip Noyce . Oliver Stone , Don Murphy , and Jane Hamsher were set to produce . Creative differences ensued between Hayes and financier / distributor 20th Century Fox . Chris Columbus , Sam Hamm , James Cameron , Peter Jackson , and the Hughes brothers later became involved . With William Broyles , Jr . ' s script , Burton was hired as director , and the film was put into active development . Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal rewrote the script , and filming took place from November 2000 to April 2001 .
The new American ships ( the Colorado class battleships and Lexington class battlecruisers ) , took a qualitative step beyond the British Queen Elizabeth class and Admiral classes by mounting 16 inch ( 406 mm ) guns . At the same time , the Imperial Japanese Navy was finally gaining authorization for its ' eight eight battlefleet ' . The Nagato class , authorized in 1916 , carried eight 16 inch guns like their American counterparts . The next year 's naval bill authorized two more battleships and two more battlecruisers . The battleships , which became the Tosa class , were to carry ten 16 inch guns .
The band filmed a performance at the Hammersmith Odeon in June 1978 , which was later released on DVD as Never Say Die . The final show of the tour , and Osbourne 's last appearance with the band ( until later reunions ) was in Albuquerque , New Mexico on 11 December . Following the tour , Black Sabbath returned to Los Angeles and again rented a house in Bel Air , where they spent nearly a year working on new material for the next album . The entire band were abusing both alcohol and other drugs , but Iommi says Osbourne " was on a totally different level altogether " .
In their triumph , they believe they have the power to create ' pure ' Islamic states in Egypt and Algeria . Attempts to create such Islamic states are blocked by force . The Islamists then try to foment revolutions in Egypt and Algeria by using terrorism to scare the people into rising up against their leaders . But the people are terrified by the violence , and the Algerian government exploits that fear as a way to hang on to power . In the end , the Islamists declare the entire populations of the countries to be thoroughly contaminated by western values .
Students and alumni began to clamor for a return to football to allow wider intercollegiate competition . The pressure at rival California was stronger ( especially as the school had not been as successful in the Big Game as they had hoped ) , and in 1915 California returned to football . As reasons for the change , the school cited football rule changes , the overwhelming desire of students and supporters to play football , interest in playing other East Coast and Midwest schools , and a patriotic desire to play an " American " game . California 's return to football increased the pressure on Stanford to also change back in order to maintain the rivalry .
" His description of the Baker test and its aftermath brought to world attention the problem of radioactive fallout from nuclear weapons . All Operation Crossroads operations were designed to keep personnel from being exposed to more than 0.1 roentgen ( R ) per day . At the time , this was considered to be an amount of radiation that could be tolerated for long periods without any harmful effects on health . Since there was no special clothing or radiation shielding available , the protection plan relied on managing who went where , when , and for how long .
However , Kings County voters have shown little interest in passing any transportation taxes to fund these projects . Except where prefixed with a letter , postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964 , based on the alignment that existed at the time , and do not necessarily reflect current mileage . R reflects a realignment in the route since then , M indicates a second realignment , L refers an overlap due to a correction or change , and T indicates postmiles classified as temporary ( for a full list of prefixes , see the list of postmile definitions ) .
Based on his beliefs , he founded a civic organization in 1856 , one of many others that were later called the Secret Abolitionist Societies by historians . Little is known about them due to their clandestine nature , but Betances and Salvador Brau ( a close friend who later became the official Historian of Puerto Rico ) describe them in their writings . Some of these societies sought the freedom and free passage of maroons from Puerto Rico to countries where slavery had been abolished already ; other societies sought to liberate as many slaves as possible by buying out their freedom .
The portion north of Table Rock in Niagara Falls is designated as an Ontario Scenic Highway . The Niagara Boulevard was originally the section only from Fort Erie to Chippawa and the northern portion was referred to as the Niagara Parkway . The Niagara Parkway begins at Fort Erie in the south . It passes through several villages along the river before passing through the tourist district of Niagara Falls . North of the city it provides access to several attractions , including the Whirlpool Rapids , Butterfly Conservatory , and Brock 's Monument at Queenston Heights . The route ends at Fort George , southeast of the urban centre of Niagara on the Lake .
Other performers included Ariane Moffatt , Esmerine , Watson , Mario Légaré , Arthur H , Jérôme Minière and Brazilian born singer Bïa . A second show was added the following night to accommodate demand for tickets . On January 16 , Jim Corcoran devoted an episode of his CBC Radio One program À Propos , a weekly show about Quebec music , to a Lhasa tribute show . On the summer solstice , June 21 , 2010 , another memorial ceremony took place in Bourgogne , France . Some of Lhasa 's ashes were dispersed in a small river that flows into the Mediterranean Sea .
The 11th Airborne 's next operation took place on 23 June in the province of Aparri in northern Luzon . By this time the only Japanese forces remaining on the island were positioned to the far north and belonged to the 52,000 strong Shobu Group . This last of General Yamashita 's three groups proved to be the most tenacious , forcing Lieutenant General Walter Krueger , commander of the Sixth United States Army , to commit four infantry divisions , an armored task force , and a large band of the Filipino soldiers under the Philippine Commonwealth Army and Philippine Constabulary units and the recognized guerrillas .
The circulation in the system steadily expanded , and initially the surface winds and convection were intermittent . On July 16 , deep convection increased and organized near the center , and oil rigs and surface buoys reported surface winds of 30 mph ( 50 km / h ) . Based on the observations , it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Four on July 16 while about 150 miles ( 240 km ) south of the southwestern Louisiana coastline . The depression slowly organized for the next day , as it drifted to the northeast . On July 17 , the rate of organization and development of deep convection increased considerably , and the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Danny later that day .
After winning only three of their first ten matches of 2010 – 11 , Foyle resigned as manager in September 2010 , and was replaced with Tamworth manager Gary Mills the following month . Improving form saw York challenge for the play offs , and by mid March 2011 they were sixth in the table — one place away from a play off spot . They won only three of ten matches in the run in and missed out on the play offs to finish the season in eighth place . York reached the FA Cup third round for the second consecutive year , and lost 2 – 0 to Premier League club Bolton Wanderers at the Reebok Stadium .
An analysis of a number of North American cases , which ruled out the direct transmission of the virus between any of the affected facilities studied , strongly supported the idea of a significant Asian carrier population . This is supported by the fact that some of the deceased calves had no possible contact with any African elephants . Artificial insemination is not believed to be a transmission factor , notes that when multiple calves of a single bull or cow elephant died at different times ( even at the same facility ) they nearly all had distinct strains of the virus , yet when two calves died or became infected at the same time at the same facility the pairs have always had identical virus strains .
The moult usually takes place between January and March but young birds may lose their feathers a little later in the year . The Atlantic puffin diet consists almost entirely of fish , though examination of its stomach contents shows that it occasionally eats shrimps , other crustaceans , molluscs and polychaete worms , especially in more coastal waters . When fishing , it swims underwater using its semi extended wings as paddles to " fly " through the water and its feet as a rudder . It swims fast and can reach considerable depths and stay submerged for up to a minute .
Chen stood for election in Richmond in the October 2008 federal election , and for mayor of Richmond , British Columbia in the November 2008 municipal election , losing both times . In the May 2009 provincial election the party nominated two candidates , one in Richmond Centre and the other in Richmond East , neither of whom were elected but combined for 818 total votes . The Nation Alliance Party was founded in June 2007 by four people : realtor Wei Ping Chen of Delta , renovator Steven Lian from Surrey , tourism guide Randy Liu from Burnaby , and Simon Fraser University student Locan Wang .
The unicorn has been winged to represent its travel in the air as " Airborne . " The blue background is the color of the Infantry , which is the basic arm of the Division , and also indicates the sky , which is the distinctive medium of travel for the Division . Between August 1943 and February 1945 , the 13th Airborne Division remained in the United States and did not serve overseas or participate in any airborne operations , as it began training to become a combat ready formation . In comparison , the 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions had been assigned as active combat formations to serve overseas in Europe , the 11th Airborne Division was scheduled to be deployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations , and the 17th Airborne Division had been assigned as the United States strategic reserve formation .
There were disputes between al Tal and Abu Nuwar over leadership of the group . In April 1963 , Abu Nuwar declared a government in exile in the name of the Jordanian Republic and disseminated propaganda through his own radio station . The following year , or in 1965 , Abu Nuwar returned to Jordan after being pardoned by Hussein as part of a broader reconciliation with exiled dissidents in a bid to co opt opposition to his rule . In February 1971 , Abu Nuwar was appointed Jordan 's ambassador to France . In the 1989 Jordanian parliamentary election , Abu Nuwar was appointed by Hussein to the senate , the Jordanian Parliament 's upper house .
That year , Amaker recorded 81 steals , second to Jim Spanarkel at that point in Duke history . He set the career steals record , which stood until Shane Battier broke it in 2001 . Amaker also holds the Duke single year NCAA Tournament record with 18 steals in 1986 , which had been a tournament record . That year , he had seven steals in two tournament games — against Old Dominion in the second round on March 15 and Louisville in the final on March 31 . This seven steal total stood as the single game NCAA tournament record for seven years until the 1993 NCAA Tournament when Darrell Hawkins had eight for Arkansas against Holy Cross and Grant Hill had eight for Duke against California .
Hurricane Javier sharply turned towards the north and eventually towards the northwest . Early on August 24 , Javier resumed intensification , regaining Category 3 intensity at 0600 UTC . Passing midway between Socorro Island and Clarion Island , the storm reached its peak intensity of 135 mph ( 215 km / h ) . Moving beneath the ridge , Hurricane Javier turned to the west and subsequently weakened back into a Category 3 hurricane . After briefly re intensifying into a Category 4 , the storm resumed weakening due to increasing wind shear , and by late on August 25 , Hurricane Javier had weakened directly into a Category 2 hurricane .
Having had numerous meetings with Tati over the course of a year , they were aware that , like other great European directors , Tati had been wooed by Hollywood : " He showed me a letter from Paramount " , Ron Mael recalled . " He said : ‘ Oooh ! They take me to Hollywood and they have a limousine for me . ’ But it was kind of mocking of the whole similar situation to our fantasy Bergman thing . He could see Hollywood for what it was . " Sveriges Radio gave Sparks free rein to develop the project : " Once we got the basic concept approved , we were able to work according to our own ideas .
Anthony Anthony was not a trained , professional artist . The illustrations are described as " striking and boldly executed , but [ ... ] have few claims to be fine works of art " . The vessels are for the most part painted according to a standard formula , with distinct repetitions even in the more elaborate depictions . Anthony 's style is signified by a " naive draughtsmanship and conformity to a pattern [ ... ] consistent with the abilities of a government official with a decent amateur grasp of form and colour " . The rolls were all of roughly the same length , about 5.5 m ( 15 ft ) , and would most likely have been presented side by side for display on a table or hung on a wall .
Hundreds of peasants were killed and whole villages were laid waste during the repression . After returning home in March , Sihanouk abandoned his centrist position and personally ordered the arrest of Khieu Samphan , Hou Yuon , and Hu Nim , the leaders of the " counter government " , all of whom escaped into the northeast . Simultaneously , Sihanouk ordered the arrest of Chinese middlemen involved in the illegal rice trade , thereby raising government revenues and placating the conservatives . Lon Nol was forced to resign , and , in a typical move , the prince named new leftists to the government to balance the conservatives .
Their way up to the inland plateau was via a labyrinthine glacier ( later named the Reeves Glacier after the Royal Geographical Society 's main map curator ) , which brought them on 27 December to a hard snow surface . This enabled them to move more swiftly , at a rate of about 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) daily , taking regular magnetic observations . On 16 January these observations showed them to be about 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ; 15 mi ) from the Magnetic Pole . The next day , 17 January 1909 , they reached their goal , fixing the pole 's position as 72 ° 15 ' S , 155 ° 16 ' E , at an elevation of 7,260 feet ( 2,210 m ) .
In hotter climates butterflies can easily overheat , so they are usually active only during the cooler parts of the day , early morning , late afternoon or early evening . During the heat of the day , they rest in the shade . Some larger thick bodied moths ( e.g. Sphingidae ) can generate their own heat to a limited degree by vibrating their wings . The heat generated by the flight muscles warms the thorax while the temperature of the abdomen is unimportant for flight . To avoid overheating , some moths rely on hairy scales , internal air sacs , and other structures to separate the thorax and abdomen and keep the abdomen cooler .
At the end of the season , Wenger signed another three year extension to his Arsenal contract . He strengthened the squad by signing Alexis Sánchez from Barcelona in July 2014 , and during the course of 2014 – 15 promoted Francis Coquelin and Héctor Bellerín into the first team . Wenger won his sixth FA Cup in May 2015 , which placed him alongside George Ramsay as the most successful manager in the competition 's history . Wenger was inspired by Borussia Mönchengladbach as a child and later influenced by Total Football , a playing style developed by Rinus Michels at Ajax in the 1970s .
Ōkami was originally planned to be rendered in a more photorealistic 3D style . However , Clover Studio determined that the more colorful sumi e style allowed them to better convey Amaterasu 's association with nature and the task of restoring it . The change was also influenced by limitations in the PS2 hardware to render the photorealistic 3D graphics . As a result of the switch to the watercolor style , the idea of the Celestial Brush came about . Atsushi Inaba , CEO of Clover , noted that " Once we fixed ourselves on a graphical style and got down to the brushwork , we thought ' Wouldn 't it be great if we could somehow get the player involved and participate in this artwork instead of just watching it ?
In an attempt to stave off defeat , John V appealed to the Pope for support offering submission to Rome in return for military support . Despite publicly confessing the Roman Catholic Faith in St. Peter 's Basilica , John V received no help . John V therefore was forced to turn to reason with his enemies , the Ottomans . Murad I and John V then came to an agreement whereby Byzantium would provide regular tribute in troops and money in exchange for security . By now the Ottomans had essentially won the war ; Byzantium was reduced to a few settlements other than Constantinople and was forced to recognize its vassal status to the Ottoman Sultan .
The score is mostly low key , with the exception of the suspense and death scenes . It was performed by a union orchestra , obliging New Line Cinema to grant the film its own score . Walker described her score as " very theme driven , conservative music that covers the range from bizarre animal noises with stronger visceral impact to stirring emotional music with well defined melodies that evolve through the storytelling " . The " Main Title " piece , used for the opening credits , was rare for opening a film aimed at a youth audience at the time .
I loved animating her and was inspired by the way the Fleischers animated Olive Oyl . I couldn 't animate a whole half hour myself , so I would hire other animators ( and designers , painters , etc . ) with strong styles and cast them according to which parts of the story would best take advantage of their individual talent . " The episode originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 2 , 2011 . It was watched by approximately 6.19 million people during this broadcast . The show received a 3.0 Nielsen rating in the demographic for adults aged 18 – 49 , which was a 23 % drop from the season premiere episode , and an eight percent audience share .
He defeated Mark Henry via submission at Money in the Bank . At SummerSlam , Cena lost the WWE Championship to Daniel Bryan , with Triple H as the special guest referee . The following night on Raw , Cena announced that he would undergo surgery for a triceps tear and would be out for four to six months . Cena returned at the Hell in a Cell pay per view and defeated Alberto Del Rio to win his third World Heavyweight Championship . Cena successfully defended his championship against Damien Sandow on the October 28 episode of Raw , and Alberto Del Rio in a rematch at Survivor Series .
Also , Penn State 's tight end tandem , which struggled during non conference play , needed to improve , particularly as Penn State had a young quarterback in Christian Hackenberg who would face tougher defenses in conference play . In their second game away from Beaver Stadium of the season , the Nittany Lions traveled to Bloomington , Indiana for their game against the Indiana Hoosiers , their first conference opponent . This was the teams ' 17th meeting , with Penn State owning a 16 – 0 record coming into the game . Indiana featured the Big Ten 's best passing offense in 2012 , led by quarterback Chase Coffman , who returned in 2013 .
Grandaddy reformed in 2012 and have since made a number of live appearances . Grandaddy was formed in 1992 by singer , guitarist and keyboardist Jason Lytle , bassist Kevin Garcia and drummer Aaron Burtch . The group was initially influenced by US punk bands such as Suicidal Tendencies and Bad Brains . Lytle was a former professional skateboarder , who had turned to music after a knee injury forced him to stop skating , working at a sewage treatment works to fund the purchase of equipment , and several of the band 's early live performances were at skateboarding competitions .
" Welcome Party " originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 12 , 2012 . The episode was viewed by an estimated 4.39 million viewers and received a 2.2 rating / 6 % share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 . This means that it was seen by 2.2 % of all 18- to 49 year olds , and 6 % of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . This marked a slight drop in the ratings from the previous episode , " Get the Girl " .
The single platform underground station would have been close to the CCE & HR 's platforms . The proposal was presented to parliament in November 1906 and received royal assent on 26 July 1907 . The LNWR did not proceed with the loop plan and the underground station , which were dropped in 1911 . Plans for the route that eventually became the Victoria line date from the 1940s . A proposal for a new underground railway line linking north east London with the centre was included in the County of London Plan in 1943 . Between 1946 and 1954 , a series of routes were proposed by different transport authorities to connect various places in south and north or north east London .
According to a story in The Wall Street Journal she had previously thought that if she ever appeared in Sports Illustrated it would be for soccer , since given her athletic background she had envisioned herself as a professional soccer player . She also appeared in the body painting feature in the 2011 Swimsuit Issue where Joanne Gair painted her and Stewart Shining photographed her in New York City . 2013 was her third Swimsuit Issue . In both 2011 and 2013 , Miller participated in the annual Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition of David Letterman 's Top 10 on the Late Show with David Letterman on the night that the Swimsuit Issue cover model was announced .
In April 1883 Tristan won a Queen 's Plate at Epsom and then collected a second Epsom Gold Cup at the Derby meeting on 25 May , winning by three lengths from a field which included the Derby winner Shotover . Between these races he was beaten when attempting to concede three pounds to the unbeaten Irish horse Barcaldine in the Westminster Cup at Kempton . On this occasion he reportedly showed " a good deal of temper " before the race and ran " unkindly " . On 7 June at Royal Ascot he contested the Ascot Gold Cup , the year 's most important staying race .
The University of Missouri Police Department patrols areas on and around the MU campus and has jurisdiction throughout the city and Boone County . The Public Service Joint Communications Center coordinates efforts between the two organizations as well as the Boone County Fire Protection District which operates Urban Search and Rescue Missouri Task Force 1 . The population generally supports progressive causes such as the extensive city recycling programs and the decriminalization of cannabis both for medical and recreational use at the municipal level ( though the scope of latter of the two cannabis ordinances has since been restricted ) .
In 2009 , chairman Graham Wood unveiled plans to move to a new , purpose built 9,000 capacity ground on Prince Consort Road in the centre of Gateshead . Detailed proposals were published soon after , and Wood told local media in 2012 that he expects the move to increase crowds and alleviate the financial constraints on him as he continues to bankroll the club ; it is estimated that crowds would need to reach 3,000 regularly for the club to operate profitably from Gateshead Stadium . According to the original proposal , the stadium was expected to be ready for the 2012 – 13 season , but financing has been difficult and the proposed move is now on hold .
Yoshino 's family consists of a father , mother , older brother , and older sister . Saori Chiba ( 千葉 さおり , Chiba Saori ) Voiced by : Yuuka Nanri Saori , nicknamed Saorin ( さおりん ) , is a girl who is a fifth grader in Shuichi 's class at the beginning of Wandering Son . She takes an interest in encouraging Shuichi to cross dress , even going so far as to buy Shuichi an expensive dress for Shuichi 's birthday , which Shuichi later returns , much to her displeasure . Saori finds it difficult to associate with others ; she has few friends , though becomes close to Shuichi .
Singer and rapper Missy Elliott heard his material and began working with him . She and her R & B group Sista auditioned for DeVante Swing , a producer and member of the successful R & B act Jodeci . DeVante signed Sista to his Swing Mob record label and Elliott brought Mosley and Barcliff along with her to New York , where Swing Mob was based . It was DeVante who renamed the young producer Timbaland , after the Timberland brand of construction boots . He and Magoo became part of SCI Zakys School stable of Swing Mob signees known as " Da Bassment " crew , joining artists such as R & B singer Ginuwine , male vocal group Playa ( Smoke E. Digglera , Static Major and Digital Black ) , and the girl group Sugah .
When growing these species together , U. inflata will grow rapidly in the presence of higher nutrients , which allows A. vesiculosa to enjoy the conditions it thrives in . Rice , the Washington Department of Ecology , and the United States Geological Survey 's Nonindigenous Aquatic Species information resource all indicate that cultivation of this species is suspected as the most likely source of its introduction into Horseshoe Lake in Washington . The spread from lake to lake in Washington is probably the result of waterfowl moving from lake to lake and carrying plants or propagules with them . U. inflata was first named and described by Thomas Walter in 1788 .
The heritage protection was made applicable from November 18 , 1943 . It is indexed in the Base Mérimée – a database of architectural heritage maintained by the French Ministry of Culture . The origins of the Vénus de Quinipily are uncertain , but it is believed to have been sculpted around 49 BC . It was originally erected at the site of a former Roman camp in Castennec in Bieuzy les Eaux , a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in northwestern France . Various origins of the statue have been proposed , including Greek , Roman or Egyptian ; a Celtic deity , the Roman Mother goddess Cybele , or an Egyptian Isis statue .
The hotel was not accepting any reservations that extended past December 2 , 2013 . Hotel industry experts told the Washington Business Journal that the hotel had many years ' worth of deferred maintenance . The JBG Cos. had spent only about $ 2 million in maintenance from 2005 to 2013 , and Stanford Corp. estimated the property needed at least $ 28 million in modernizations . Stanford also agreed to the honor the collective bargaining agreement which The JBG Cos. had with UNITE HERE Local 25 . About 125 to 135 people , most of them with 20 years of job tenure at the L 'Enfant Plaza Hotel , were affected by the closure .
Hull City will enter in the third qualifying round , in their first ever European campaign . The FA Cup final on 17 May saw Hull go 2 – 0 up within the first ten minutes , before losing 3 – 2 after extra time . On 31 July 2014 , Hull made their debut in European competition , in the UEFA Europa League third qualifying round , with a 0 – 0 draw against Slovakian side FK AS Trenčín before winning the second leg 2 – 1 a week later . An error from keeper Allan McGregor gave them a 1 – 0 loss away to Belgian outfit Lokeren in the first leg of their play off tie on 21 August 2014 with the second leg in East Riding of Yorkshire ending in a 2 – 1 victory , but away goals marked the end of Hull 's first foray into European football .
The Ultimate Truth , states the text , is that which always is , which preserves its nature over time , and which is unaffected by anything . The Atman , the Brahman , the " Chit , Sat and Ananda " , and Janardhana ( Vishnu ) is such Truth , and they are synonymous , one . Some try to seek Sidhis , asserts the Upanishad , through mantras , religious rituals , time , skill , medicine , or wealth , but such Sidhis are fleeting and fruitless . Be an Atmajnani ( one with Self knowledge ) through Yoga , says Vishnu to Ribhu , and to such a person Siddhis are of no importance .
In addition , David Tom returned as Chip Diller after previously appearing in the second season . The episode was watched by 2.96 million people in its initial airing and received mixed to positive reviews from television critics . A police officer interrogates Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) about her rape , but she does not remember any of it . Veronica tells Sheriff Lamb ( Michael Muhney ) that she ran into the room and heard Parker having sex , and Parker berates her for not checking to see what was happening . Keith ( Enrico Colantoni ) hikes through the desert after fleeing from Cormac Fitzpatrick ( Jason Beghe ) ; Cormac later realizes that Keith has disappeared and starts following him .
The spray often contains pungent smelling volatile metabolites , previously thought to be concentrated in the insect from its plant food sources . However , it now seems more likely that the insect manufactures its own defensive chemicals . Additionally , the chemistry of the defense spray from at least one species , Anisomorpha buprestoides , has been shown to vary based on the insect 's life stage or the particular population it is part of . This chemical spray variation also corresponds with regionally specific color forms in populations in Florida , with the different variants having distinct behaviors .
Apart from them , the Lavradores ( the farmers ) and the Sargaceiros and Seareiros , who went to the sea searching for fertilizers . As a rule , the groups remained distinct , and mixed marriages between them were forbidden , mostly because of the isolationism of the fishermen . São Félix Hill is a reference point for fishermen at sea and on the last Sunday of May , there is the Pilgrimage of Nossa Senhora da Saúde ( Our Lady of Good Health ) which covers a distance of 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) between the Matriz Church and the hill .
Johnson shot the film primarily in Downtown Los Angeles despite the Hell 's Kitchen , Manhattan setting of the film and comics . Rhythm and Hues Studios were hired to handle the film 's CGI . Graeme Revell composed the Daredevil score which was released on CD in March 2003 , whereas the various artists soundtrack album , Daredevil : The Album , was released in February . Though reviews of the film were mixed , the movie became the second biggest February release to that time . A spin off film , Elektra , was released in 2005 to critical and commercial failure .
In their place came a number of communist officials , most prominently Włodzimierz Reczek , an erstwhile Politburo member , who took over as head of the football association despite a reputation for not liking the sport . Młynarczyk , Boniek and Żmuda had their bans cancelled early . Żmuda and Młynarczyk returned in the 1 – 0 home win over East Germany on 2 May 1981 , and Boniek was reinstated four months later . The players ' recall was partly due to the efforts of Kulesza 's replacement , Antoni Piechniczek , to secure their return . According to Majchrzak , Boniek and Żmuda apologised for their actions before the General Committee for Physical Culture and Sport of the Polish People 's Republic , the PZPN 's governing body , but kept this from Terlecki , who appealed to have his ban lifted several times , but to no avail .
For an Airbus A320 , a speed of just 20 knots ( 37 km / h ) higher than normal can result in as much as a 25 % increase in the runway length needed to stop an aircraft . Wet weather can also significantly reduce the braking performance of aircraft , leading to an increase in the minimum runway length requirement . Pilots have called Congonhas airport the " aircraft carrier , " because of the runway 's short length and because pilots are told to go around if they overshoot the first 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) of runway .
The song " Showdown " was featured on In Silico as the opening track . It was the first single from the album not to use the In Silico logo prominently on its cover , although most of the logo can be seen on a bass drum in the cover art . Live versions of the song have appeared on iTunes Live : London Festival ' 08 , as a B side on " The Other Side " , as well as in the single download bundle . It was also featured in the soundtrack of Disney Interactive Studios ' off road racing video game Pure .
" This room was described as " impressively large " because of its 17 feet ( 5.2 m ) high ceilings and 8 feet ( 2.4 m ) paneled door , the floor is made of hard wood and a " very plain marble fireplace is in one corner of the large room . " The supports of the building stem from the cellar where granite piers support horizontal iron beams that hold up iron columns on the first floor . The Bristol Customshouse and Post Office was used as a Post Office and Customs House , as its name implies , until it was abandoned in 1962 .
When the possibility of the city constructing a speed skating oval associated with the 2010 Winter Olympics came , Howard was a vocal supporter . He travelled to Lillehammer , Norway , in 2004 as part of a committee to investigate similar facilities built for the 1994 Winter Olympics . He also traveled to Pierrefonds , Quebec and Asia as part of the sister city program . He was not supportive of proposals to build a new soccer facility or financially contributing to tall ships tourism attractions . Because previous councils had made funding commitments at the expense of the city 's reserve funds rather than the tax base , Howard 's time on council was marked with consistent property tax increases around 3 to 4 % each year .
Reflux flows at the middle of the tower are called pumparounds . Changing the reflux ( in combination with changes in feed and product withdrawal ) can also be used to improve the separation properties of a continuous distillation column while in operation ( in contrast to adding plates or trays , or changing the packing , which would , at a minimum , require quite significant downtime ) . Distillation towers ( such as in images 3 and 4 ) use various vapor and liquid contacting methods to provide the required number of equilibrium stages . Such devices are commonly known as " plates " or " trays " .
Lacking a central theme for the project , the band used several experimental methods in an attempt to spur the creative process . One exercise involved each member playing on a separate track , with no reference to what the other members were doing . The tempo was entirely random while the band played around an agreed chord structure , and moods such as " first two minutes romantic , next two up tempo " . Each recorded section was named , but the process was largely unproductive ; after several weeks , no complete songs had been created . Leckie had worked on albums such as George Harrison 's All Things Must Pass and Ringo Starr 's Sentimental Journey , and was employed as a tape operator on Meddle , partly for his proclivity for working into the early hours of the morning .
" A " shot McCann once in the back ; " A " went on to tell the inquest that he believed Farrell then reached for her handbag , and that he believed Farrell may also have been reaching for a remote detonator . " A " also shot Farrell once in the back , before returning to McCann — he shot McCann a further three times ( once in the body and twice in the head ) . " Soldier B " testified that he reached similar conclusions to " A " , and shot Farrell twice , then McCann once or twice , then returned to Farrell , shooting her a further three times .
In 2012 , John Tobias said : " If you look at any other pop culture phenomenon — like if you look at the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , for instance — it became popular at the time right around when Mortal Kombat became popular , and it had its highs and lows , and here they are once again talking about a major motion picture . That ’ s because of its place in pop culture . It ’ s always there for someone to pick up , polish off , blow the dust off of it , and re release it .
The family was massively wealthy with several other estates and stately homes ; following the death of the 1st Earl , the family decided to use Chatsworth House as their principle residence : Cavendish House thus was only used as a stopping point on the way to London . The house gained full time residency again in 1638 , however , when it was used as a Dower house by Christiana Cavendish ( née Bruce ) , widow of the 2nd Earl of Devonshire . In 1645 , during the English Civil War , the house was used by King Charles I and the Royalist forces after they had besieging and captured Leicester .
Officially counted as the first two episodes of the season , it figures as the 53rd and 54th overall episodes of the series . It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner , and directed by Jennifer Getzinger . It originally aired on the AMC channel in the United States on March 25 , 2012 . The premiere centers on Don Draper 's fortieth birthday , opening on Memorial Day weekend 1966 . The office prepares for Don 's surprise party while also dealing with the Heinz Beans account recently brought into the agency . The relationship between Megan and Don turns bitter after she performs a sensual dance during the party , while Peggy and Pete both suffer through professional conflict with their fellow co workers .
The show was directed by Jean Claude Bragard — whose previous BBC work had included Kicking & Screaming – A History of Football and the documentary series Panorama — and the executive producer was Ruth Pitt , who had worked on documentaries such as 42 Up and Channel 4 's The State of Marriage . During its promotion , Pitt described Son of God as " the most complete biography of Jesus that [ had ] ever been done " . Jeremy Bowen , a former Middle East correspondent for BBC News , was chosen to present the programme for its UK broadcast .
Professional women 's sports include the Minnesota Lynx of the Women 's National Basketball Association , winners of the 2011 , 2013 , and 2015 WNBA Championships , the Minnesota Lightning of the United Soccer Leagues W League , the Minnesota Vixen of the Independent Women 's Football League , the Minnesota Valkyrie of the Legends Football League , and the Minnesota Whitecaps of the National Women 's Hockey League . The Twin Cities campus of the University of Minnesota is a National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I school competing in the Big Ten Conference . Four additional schools in the state compete in NCAA Division I ice hockey : the University of Minnesota Duluth ; Minnesota State University , Mankato ; St. Cloud State University and Bemidji State University .
The ZNG placed the JNA held Logorište barracks under a blockade as part of the countrywide Battle of the Barracks , which aimed to pin down JNA units isolated in their bases and force them to surrender weapons and ammunition to the ZNG . However , the JNA garrison broke out from the besieged barracks with part of its stored equipment before the ZNG claimed the vacant base . The breakout was supported by JNA units and SAO Krajina units deployed to lift the blockade of the barracks and other JNA garrisons in Karlovac . A battle ensued as the ZNG attempted to contain advancing JNA units , ending with a ceasefire signed in The Hague .
If the Council does not approve these , then a " Conciliation Committee " is formed . The Committee is composed of the Council members plus an equal number of MEPs who seek to agree a compromise . Once a position is agreed , it has to be approved by Parliament , by a simple majority . This is also aided by Parliament 's mandate as the only directly democratic institution , which has given it leeway to have greater control over legislation than other institutions , for example over its changes to the Bolkestein directive in 2006 . The few other areas that operate the special legislative procedures are justice & home affairs , budget and taxation and certain aspects of other policy areas : such as the fiscal aspects of environmental policy .
J.D.B. wrote a statement at the investigators request and then he was allowed to leave to catch the bus home . Two juvenile petitions were filed against J.D.B. Each alleged one count of larceny and one count of breaking and entering . J.D.B. ' s public defender moved to suppress J.D.B. ' s statements and the evidenced derived therefrom , arguing that J.D.B. had been interrogated in police custody without the required Miranda warnings . The trial court decided that J.D.B. was not in custody , and the motion was denied . The North Carolina Supreme Court affirmed with a divided panel , " declin [ ing ] to extend the test for custody to include consideration of the age ... of an individual subjected to questioning by police " .
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson , in their book Wanting to Believe : A Critical Guide to The X Files , Millennium & The Lone Gunmen , rated the episode three and a half stars out of five . The two criticized the closing down of the X Files division , due largely to the fact that " we 've seen [ it ] before " , a reference to the divisions 's closing at the conclusion of the show 's first season . However , Shearman and Pearson wrote that " ' The End ' works in spite of itself " , citing the arrival of Diana Fowley and the confrontation between The Smoking Man and Jeffrey Spender as positive points in the episode .
The inquiry uncovered four irregularities in the regulation of civil aviation in Australia and the judge made four recommendations to deal with these irregularities . The Australian National Airways aircraft registered VH AET arrived at Cambridge aerodrome at 8 : 15 pm local time , about four hours late . The return flight to Essendon Airport was scheduled to depart at 4 : 50 pm , but did not do so until 8 : 50 pm . On board were 21 passengers , 3 pilots and an air hostess . Douglas DC 3 ( and C 47 ) aircraft were normally crewed by two pilots but on 10 March the cockpit of VH AET was occupied by a third person , a supernumerary pilot who was making his first flights with the airline .
The jet dryer incident was described as " one of the most bizarre events " in the history of NASCAR and the Daytona 500 by various American media organizations . Two days after the race , Hendrick Motorsports was penalized for Johnson 's car . The penalty , for " actions detrimental to stock car racing " , included a $ 100,000 fine and a six race suspension for crew chief Chad Knaus and car chief Ron Malec and the loss of 25 owner and driver points for Jeff Gordon and Johnson . Both Knaus and Malec were placed on probation until May 9 , 2012 , and were suspended from NASCAR until April 18 , 2012 .
Following chlordiazepoxide , diazepam marketed by Hoffmann – La Roche under the brand name Valium in 1963 , and for a while the two were the most commercially successful drugs . The introduction of benzodiazepines led to a decrease in the prescription of barbiturates , and by the 1970s they had largely replaced the older drugs for sedative and hypnotic uses . The new group of drugs was initially greeted with optimism by the medical profession , but gradually concerns arose ; in particular , the risk of dependence became evident in the 1980s . Benzodiazepines have a unique history in that they were responsible for the largest ever class action lawsuit against drug manufacturers in the United Kingdom , involving 14,000 patients and 1,800 law firms that alleged the manufacturers knew of the dependence potential but intentionally withheld this information from doctors .
Lieder 's assertions that the approach of Nibiru would cause the Earth 's rotation to stop or its axis to shift violate the laws of physics . In his rebuttal of Immanuel Velikovsky 's Worlds in Collision , which made the same claim that the Earth 's rotation could be stopped and then restarted , Carl Sagan noted that , " the energy required to brake the Earth is not enough to melt it , although it would result in a noticeable increase in temperature : The oceans would [ be ] raised to the boiling point of water ... [ Also , ] how does the Earth get started up again , rotating at approximately the same rate of spin ?
Following his return the difficulties continued to mount , and in 1867 he renounced his concession . The line was eventually taken over by the State , and was not fully completed until about 1877 . At some point Sharpe bought property and iron ore mines along the route of the line . Concurrently with designing churches and building railways , Sharpe was heavily involved in the civic life of Lancaster , particularly in pioneering sanitary reform . By political persuasion he was a Conservative , and in 1837 he joined the local Heart of Oak Club , the core of the Lancaster Conservative Association .
There were concerns from the producers that these would appear simply to be larger versions of the already known Vulcan ears , and so Westmore was told to round off the ears when it came to producing the make up . Other elements which were changed at the make up stage included modifications to the nose to increase the volume of wrinkles and dropping the idea of an extended chin as Westmore thought it would save time in applying the make up . A set of false upper teeth were also created , which were added to a single head piece and a nose piece which comprised the prosthetics for the Ferengi .
The Bulls decided to not match the offer , and on July 24 , Asik officially joined the Rockets . On October 27 , 2012 , the Rockets traded Kevin Martin , Jeremy Lamb , and two future first round picks to the Oklahoma City Thunder for reigning sixth man of the year James Harden , along with Cole Aldrich , Daequan Cook , and Lazar Hayward . Harden stepped out of his previous sixth man role and into the starting lineup for the Rockets . He had 37 points , 12 assists , 6 rebounds , 4 steals , and a block in his debut as a Rocket , while Jeremy Lin had 12 points , 4 rebounds , 8 assists , and 4 steals .
Kneeling beside Phil is Bobby , his eyes wide with terror . Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) are assigned to the case . At the scene , Scully hypothesizes that Bobby dug the pit that trapped his stepfather , and speculates that he had an accomplice . Patti tells Scully that , from her point of view , it appeared as if Bobby was attempting to help Phil out of the orchard pit when he died . She also reveals that her son has anger management issues and has been undergoing therapy for several years .
Newly prestigious and influential after his victories in the Persian war , Galerius might have wished to compensate for a previous humiliation at Antioch , when Diocletian had forced him to walk at the front of the imperial caravan , rather than inside it . His resentment fed his discontent with official policies of tolerance ; from 302 on , he probably urged Diocletian to enact a general law against the Christians . Since Diocletian was already surrounded by an anti Christian clique of counsellors , these suggestions must have carried great force . Affairs quieted after the initial persecution .
Its standing has also improved among critics following an expanded edition release of the album on July 29 , 2003 , which featured extensive liner notes and photography by Ryan Null . Following that release , Allmusic praised Gaye 's different direction in music and the eroticism portrayed in Leon Ware 's smooth tempo production and Gaye 's intimate lyricism . Reviewer Thom Jurek wrote : Such musicians as Todd Rundgren , Robert Palmer and Madonna have stated they were influenced by I Want You , while songs from the album have been sampled by such hip hop artists as EPMD to Mary J. Blige , who sampled the title track for her hit song " Be Happy " .
Buildings intentionally or unintentionally resembling the human penis are a source of amusement to locals and tourists in various places around the world . Deliberate phallic imagery is found in ancient cultures and in the links to ancient cultures found in traditional artifacts . The ancient Greeks and Romans celebrated phallic festivals and built a shrine with an erect phallus to honor Hermes , messenger of the gods . Those figures may be related to the Egyptian god Min who was depicted holding his erect phallus . Figures of women with a phallus for a head have been found across Greece and Yugoslavia .
IGN saw early screens and declared that Iridion was " aiming to set the standard [ of what GBA shooters should be ] ... Set the standard with a hail of bullets . " They felt Shin 'en was pushing the Game Boy Advance to its limits , producing the most stunning game seen at the time for the handheld system . GameSpot 's Ben Stahl previewed Iridion 3D on March 21 , 2001 , shortly before the release of the game in the United States . He noted the excellent graphics and high frame rate , ending with " At this point , Iridion 3D looks like it could be a great game for fans of the genre .
Cochrane argues that those beings who lack personhood , including many nonhuman animals and some humans , do not have an interest in liberty or not being used by others , and so have no prima facie right to freedom . They do , however , possess significant interests in not being made to suffer and in not being killed , and so have a prima facie right not to be made to suffer and a prima facie right not to be killed . Animal Rights Without Liberation seeks to decouple animal rights from animal liberation . For Cochrane , of central importance is the question of sentience , understood as " the capacity for phenomenal consciousness " .
The company dray horses , used for local beer deliveries , were retired by the end of the 1950s . In 1961 Webster 's bought Daniel Fielding & Sons of Halifax , which added 19 public houses to their tied estate . The same year the company sought out partnership with the national brewer Watney Mann in order to benefit from the technical knowledge of the much larger company . In return Webster 's brewed and sold the brewery conditioned Watney 's Red Barrel ale throughout their tied estate . In 1962 , a reciprocal trading agreement was reached with Ind Coope 's North East division which saw Webster 's houses stock lager for the first time .
The committee soon abandoned the idea of an arch and proposed a large monumental memorial to the east of St Kilda Road , a position which would make it clearly visible from the centre of the city . A competition was launched in March 1922 to find a design for the new memorial , open both to British subjects residing in Australia and any Australian citizens who were residing overseas . A total of 83 entries were submitted , and in December 1923 the design offered by two Melbourne architects ( and war veterans ) , Phillip Hudson and James Wardrop , was announced as the winner .
Additionally , Stone was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Actress , but lost to Angela Bassett in Strange Days . A novelization written by Jack Curtis was published by HarperCollins in September 1995 . The Region 1 DVD release came in September 1998 . The Quick and the Dead received mixed reviews from film critics . Based on 41 reviews , Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 56 % , with an average rating of 5.9 / 10 . Metacritic calculated an average score of 49 / 100 , based on 21 reviews . Janet Maslin of The New York Times praised Stone 's performance and Raimi 's directing .
In general , December is the dullest month and June the sunniest . The south west of England enjoys a favoured location , particularly in summer , when the Azores High extends its influence north eastwards towards the UK . Cloud often forms inland , especially near hills , and reduces exposure to sunshine . The average annual sunshine totals around 1600 hours . Rainfall tends to be associated with Atlantic depressions or with convection . In summer , convection caused by solar surface heating sometimes forms shower clouds and a large proportion of the annual precipitation falls from showers and thunderstorms at this time of year .
The teeth are all characterized by long transverse crests coupled with shorter ones . One of these crests , the anterotropid , distinguishes the two species , as it is present in the lower molars of S. alpinus , but not in those of S. bolligeri . Another crest , the centroloph , reaches the outer margin of the first upper molar in S. bolligeri , but not in S. alpinus . Seorsumuscardinus may be related to Muscardinus , the genus of the living hazel dormouse , which appears at about the same time , and the older Glirudinus . In 1992 , Thomas Bolliger described some teeth of Seorsumuscardinus from the Swiss locality of Tägernaustrasse ( MN 4 ; early Miocene , see MN zonation ) as an indeterminate dormouse ( family Gliridae ) perhaps related to Eomuscardinus .
For example , almost every place name in use can be traced back to the Vikings . The Norn language was a form of Old Norse , which continued to be spoken until the 18th century when it was replaced by an insular dialect of Scots known as Shetlandic , which is in turn being replaced by Scottish English . Although Norn was spoken for hundreds of years it is now extinct and few written sources remain . Shetlandic is used both in local radio and dialect writing , and kept alive by the Shetland Folk Society . The Lerwick Up Helly Aa is one of a variety of fire festivals held in Shetland annually in the middle of winter , it is always started on the last Tuesday of January .
The cartoons are including , rather than excluding , Muslims . " The publication of the cartoons was also accompanied by an editorial titled ' Truslen fra mørket ( ' The Threat from the Darkness ) condemning Islamic spiritual leaders " who feel entitled to interpret the prophet 's word , and cannot abide the insult that comes from being the object of intelligent satire . " In October 2005 , Politiken , another leading Danish newspaper , published its own poll of thirty one of the forty three members of the Danish cartoonist association . Twenty three said they would be willing to draw Muhammad .
" Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami said " There are a bunch of different theories about SpongeBob . You can 't dismiss the fact that it is a creatively excellent property . It 's a character of good , positive energy . It came at a time when people wanted something more positive . " On March 26 , 2011 , the season premiered with the episode " A Friendly Game " and " Oral Report " . The episode " A Friendly Game " was written by Casey Alexander , Zeus Cervas and Steven Banks , with Tom Yasumi serving as animation director .
" LW12.2 skiers in this class have differences in between one limb and another . The IPC defined this para Alpine classification as " Athletes with amputations of the lower limbs . " Adapted Physical Education and Sport described this class as " Athletes with disabilities in the lower limbs , amputations , and standing L classes L1 , L2 , L3 / 1 , L3 / 2 , L4 , L9 / 2 with good sitting balance ; point score 16 to 18 points . " This classification is comparable to LW4 but for those who compete while sitting .
Both Biggs and his brother Selwyn played international rugby for Wales , though they never played together in the same match for Wales . Biggs also played cricket for Glamorgan and in 1893 was part of a team that took on Cardiff in a two day match ; he faced his brother Selwyn , who was a member of the Cardiff team . Biggs is notable for being a member of the 1893 Triple Crown winning Wales team , being the youngest capped player to represent the Wales international team , a record he held for over a century , and the unusual circumstances of his death by poison arrow .
Meanwhile , in Saigon , the Bình Xuyên organised crime syndicate ruled much of the city through its gangster militia . These three southern forces vied for control of southern Vietnam with the main protagonists : the French , who were attempting to re establish colonial control across the entire nation ; and the communist dominated Việt Minh , who sought Vietnamese independence . At the time , the many groups vying for power — including their respective factions — engaged in alliances of convenience that were frequently broken . Historian David Elliott wrote : " [ T ] he most important eventual cause of the French decline was the inherently unstable nature of the political alliances they had devised ... [ T ] he history of the French relations with the Hoa Hao sect is a telling illustration of the pitfalls of short term political deals between forces whose long term interests conflict .
The houses constructed for the people rendered homeless were prefabricated by the Ministry of Housing and then erected by the local authorities , under the guidance of the Ministry of Local Government . In response to the disaster , the Government of Jamaica established the Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management in July 1980 . The depression and its remnants also brought rainfall and high tides to the eastern United States . In South Carolina , precipitation peaked at 6.89 in ( 175 mm ) in Cheraw . Along the coast , waves reached 13 ft ( 4.0 m ) in height , strong enough to tear a boat from its mooring at Surfside Beach .
The corresponding transitions can be monitored via changes in electrical conductivity ; they are rather reproducible and abrupt , and are therefore used for calibration of high pressure equipment . Bismuth is stable to both dry and moist air at ordinary temperatures . When red hot , it reacts with water to make bismuth ( III ) oxide . 2 Bi + 3 H2O → Bi2O3 + 3 H2 It reacts with fluorine to make bismuth ( V ) fluoride at 500 ° C or bismuth ( III ) fluoride at lower temperatures ( typically from Bi melts ) ; with other halogens it yields only bismuth ( III ) halides .
Blackmon structures his narrative around a young African American man named Green Cottenham ; though the records of Cottenham 's life are incomplete , Blackmon states that " the absence of his voice rests at the center of this book . " Cottenham , who was born in the 1880s to two former slaves , was arrested in 1908 for vagrancy , a common pretext to detain blacks without a white patron . The state of Alabama rented him to a coal mine owned by U.S. Steel Corporation , where he died . As context for Cottenham 's story , Slavery by Another Name also details the beginnings of " industrial slavery " , in which convict laborers were put to work in factories or mines rather than cotton fields .
Related to his predecessor as well as to the German Emperor Henry VI , he was elected bishop on the urging of his predecessor , who urged his election on the cathedral chapter of Bath . While bishop , Savaric spent many years attempting to annexe Glastonbury Abbey as part of his bishopric . Savaric also worked to secure the release of King Richard I of England from captivity , when the king was held by Emperor Henry VI . Savaric 's date of birth is unknown . His father was Geldwin , who was a member of the Bohun family and was probably a second cousin of Reginald fitzJocelin , Bishop of Bath .
The downloadable release was ultimately issued on December 6 at the price of US $ 9.99 . According to IGN Entertainment 's GamerMetrics , a service based on compiled visitor activity information on IGN 's website , the pack was the fourth most anticipated release of its release week , following Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Vegas , Superman Returns and College Hoops 2K7 . Knights of the Nine was generally well received in the gaming press . Metacritic , an aggregate review site , scored the PC version of the game with an 81 out of 100 , and the Xbox 360 version of the game with an 86 out of 100 .
The WRA gave each person $ 25 ( $ 329 today ) , one way train or bus fare , and meals to those who had less than $ 600 ( $ 7,887 today ) . While many left the camp voluntarily , a significant number refused to leave because they had no place to go after having lost everything when they were forcibly uprooted and removed from their homes . As such , they had to be forcibly removed once again , this time from Manzanar . Indeed , those who refused to leave were generally removed from their barracks , sometimes by force , even if they had no place to go .
The film was officially launched on 9 November 2011 , at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad . S. Thaman was announced as the music director , marking his first collaboration with both Vinayak and Charan ; Chota K. Naidu and Gautham Raju were announced as the film 's cinematographer and editor , respectively . The film 's title was announced as Naayak , with the caption " The Leader " , on 13 August 2012 . Weeks before the film 's release , a few Girijan students protested that the term " Naayak " referred to a certain tribal group , and they demanded a change of the title .
Biran described him as having a fiery temper which could be triggered suddenly , yet quick to calm when the trigger was removed ; this sentiment was echoed by several people who had worked with Djajakusuma . Coverage in the film magazine Djaja described him as hardworking and highly dedicated to his craft , to the point of forsaking romantic relationships . Djajakusuma 's film Harimau Tjampa garnered him the Best Screenplay Award at the 1954 Asian Film Festival . His later film Bimo Kroda was recognised by the Indonesian Department of Information for promoting traditional culture . In 1970 he received an Art Award from the Indonesian government for " his service to the State as the Main Promoter of the Development of Modern Drama " .
It is a cornerstone of Latin American literature : a work of creative non fiction that helped to define the parameters for thinking about the region 's development , modernization , power , and culture . Subtitled Civilization and Barbarism , Facundo contrasts civilization and barbarism as seen in early 19th century Argentina . Literary critic Roberto González Echevarría calls the work " the most important book written by a Latin American in any discipline or genre " . Facundo describes the life of Juan Facundo Quiroga , a gaucho who had terrorized provincial Argentina in the 1820s and 1830s .
The 1990s were the most successful decade for Nea Salamina . Apart from winning the cup , shield , and the right to play in the Cup Winners Cup , the team claimed the championship . In addition , the team acquired Ammochostos Stadium in Larnaca , built by volunteer supporters . Nea Salamina claimed the 1992 – 93 Cypriot First Division championship . At the end of the first round they were in first place , ultimately finishing third . During the 1994 – 95 season , they were the first Cypriot team to participate in the Intertoto Cup .
Prime Minister Manuel Valls dispatched Cazeneuve to the scene and set up a ministerial task force to coordinate the response to the incident . German Foreign Minister Frank Walter Steinmeier flew over the crash site ; he described it as " a picture of horror " . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the minister president of North Rhine Westphalia Hannelore Kraft travelled to the crash site the following day . Merkel , Valls , and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy visited the recovery operations base at Seyne les Alpes . Bodo Klimpel , mayor of Haltern am See , reacting to the deaths of sixteen students and two teachers from the town , said that people were shocked by the crash .
They were then sorted by size . The rubble was crushed in a jaw crusher . Debris were mechanically separated according to their size . Each particle has a particular use . Macadam , made of stones between 2 and 8 centimetres ( 0.79 and 3.15 in ) , was used for the construction and maintenance of roads . Ballast is a gravel 10 to 20 millimetres ( 0.39 to 0.79 in ) used for concrete . Shot from 2 to 10 millimetres ( 0.079 to 0.394 in ) was used for the surface of concrete or paths in parks and gardens .
The tour earned a reported $ 126.2 million , an average of over $ 2 million per night , and Billboard named it the top tour of the year . In July 2002 , McCartney married Heather Mills . In November , on the first anniversary of George Harrison 's death , McCartney performed at the Concert for George . He participated in the National Football League 's Super Bowl , performing " Freedom " during the pre game show for Super Bowl XXXVI in 2002 and headlining the halftime show at Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005 . The English College of Arms honoured McCartney in 2002 by granting him a coat of arms .
It also included guitarist Bobby Schneck , formerly of Slash 's Blues Ball . Slash 's Snakepit 's music was often described as hard rock and blues rock with elements of southern rock . The band were also often described as Slash 's solo or side project though Slash maintained that they were a band , stating " everybody wrote , everybody had equal input even though I had my name on it . " Rolling Stone reviewer J.D. Considine noted the differences between Guns N ' Roses and Slash 's Snakepit on their first album , stating that " Guns [ N ] ' Roses typically treat the melody as the most important part of the song , most of what slithers out of the Snakepit emphasizes the playing .
On 1 January 1519 , Zwingli gave his first sermon in Zurich . Deviating from the prevalent practice of basing a sermon on the Gospel lesson of a particular Sunday , Zwingli , using Erasmus ' New Testament as a guide , began to read through the Gospel of Matthew , giving his interpretation during the sermon , known as the method of lectio continua . He continued to read and interpret the book on subsequent Sundays until he reached the end and then proceeded in the same manner with the Acts of the Apostles , the New Testament epistles , and finally the Old Testament .
Several Edo period manuscript copies of Choe 's travel diary are also in Japan . Other works written by Choe were compiled and published under the title Geumnamjip ( 錦南集 · 금남집 ) in Korea . A complete translation of Choe 's account into English was prepared by John Meskill as part of his Columbia University dissertation ( 1958 ) . A slightly abbreviated version of Meskill 's translation was published as a book in 1965 by the University of Arizona Press , for the Association for Asian Studies . Choe wrote in the usual tone of a learned Confucian scholar , which provides insight into the values and attitudes of early Joseon Confucian scholars .
In 92 games ( 315 at bats ) with Ottawa in 2006 , Whiteside batted .244 with 77 hits , 11 home runs , and 47 RBI . His batting average was .281 at home compared to .201 on the road . In 2007 , Whiteside attended spring training but was reassigned to the minors on March 27 , coinciding with the Orioles ' acquisition of Alberto Castillo . Whiteside began the season with the Orioles ' Triple A affiliate , which was now the Norfolk Tides , but after he batted .180 in 18 games he was reassigned to Bowie on May 11 .
All songs written and composed by Tomahawk . Mit Gas was released in the United States on May 6 , 2003 , and in the United Kingdom six days later , through Ipecac Recordings , the record label owned by Patton and Greg Werckman . Reviews of Mit Gas have been positive . Writing for AllRovi , Daphne Carr awarded the album a rating of four stars out of five , adding that it " expand [ s ] the borders of guitar rock with intelligence and humor " . Carr felt that " You Can 't Win " and " Rape This Day " were among the album 's best songs , and compared the overall sound to the work of avant garde musician Frank Zappa .
Day Lewis rarely discusses his personal life . He had a relationship with French actress Isabelle Adjani , which lasted six years and eventually ended after a split and reconciliation . Their son Gabriel Kane Day Lewis was born in 1995 in New York City , several months after the relationship ended . In 1996 , while working on the film version of the stage play The Crucible , he visited the home of playwright Arthur Miller where he was introduced to the writer 's daughter , Rebecca Miller . They married later that year . The couple have two sons , Ronan Cal Day Lewis ( born 1998 ) and Cashel Blake Day Lewis ( born 2002 ) and divide their time between their homes in New York City and Ireland .
Seton Hall is one of three law schools in the state of New Jersey . Seton Hall Law was founded by a woman , Miriam T. Rooney , who served as dean from 1951 to 1961 . She was not only Seton Hall ’ s first female dean , but was the first woman dean at an ABA accredited law school in the United States . Dean Kathleen M. Boozang , who assumed the role in July 2015 , is the third woman dean of Seton Hall Law . Seton Hall University confers undergraduate , graduate , and postgraduate degrees in as many as 70 academic fields .
Macrinus ' predecessor Caracalla was murdered while traveling to visit a temple by Justin Martialus , a soldier who was incensed at being declined the rank of centurion , during a period of war with the Parthians . Macrinus , a Praetorian prefect at the time , was involved in the assassination . Macrinus may have plotted against Caracalla because of fear for his own life , based on a story mentioned by Herodian and supported by Gibbons : Macrinus would often read dispatches sent to Caracalla , and one such dispatch delivered from Materianus , a friend of Caracalla , detailed a prophecy , perhaps fabricated , from the oracle at Delphi , suggesting that Macrinus was plotting against Caracalla and that Macrinus was destined to become the next emperor .
Oscar Howe ( Crow ) was born on the Crow Creek Indian Reservation and won fame for his watercolor paintings . Howe was one of the first Native American painters to adopt techniques and style heavily influenced by the mid 20th century abstraction movement , rather than relying on traditional Native American styles . Terry Redlin , originally from Watertown , is an accomplished painter of rural and wildlife scenes . Many of Redlin 's works are on display at the Redlin Art Center in Watertown . Sioux Falls is the largest city in South Dakota , with a 2010 population of 153,888 , and a metropolitan area population of 238,122 .
Karl stops her and when they step outside to talk , Jim dies . Susan is devastated and blames Karl for keeping her from Jim . She then leaves to arrange Jim 's funeral . On her return , Susan and Karl announce that they are separating . Malcolm initially blames Susan for the split , but Karl confesses it was his idea . Karl tells Susan that he cannot be just friends with her and he looks for somewhere else to live . Susan starts a book group with Kate and Sonya Mitchell ( Eve Morey ) . Susan suspects Karl is having an affair with Jade Mitchell ( Gemma Pranita ) , but is disappointed to learn that it was Malcolm .
This sub theme would continue well into the ninth season , in entries such as " Audrey Pauley " . The episode is one of many to feature Mulder as a Christ like figure . These comparisons were first purposely inserted during the seventh season episode " The Sixth Extinction II : Amor Fati " , in which Mulder is placed on a cross like table , symbolic of the wooden cross that Jesus was nailed to . Michelle Bush , in her book Myth X notes that Mulder 's torture scenes in " Within " bear a resemblance to the Crucifixion of Jesus .
Facing the possibility of jail and the overall humiliation and disgrace , she pours herself a glass of wine ( in the original series , her favorite tipple was Vodka ) . Yet , before she can drink it J.R. and John Ross arrive , with J.R. vowing to make things right by her and reminding her that she is a strong woman . After they leave she dumps out the wine and instead seeks comfort in Ann . J.R. through means of blackmail is able to get the charges dropped and after thanking him , Sue Ellen invites him in for tea , a spark of their past romance being seemingly reignited .
An initial draft was submitted to Everglades National Park management who asserted not enough water would be released to the park quickly enough — that the priority went to delivering water to urban areas . When they threatened to refuse to support it , the plan was rewritten to provide more water to the park . However , the Miccosukee Indians have a reservation in between the park and water control devices , and they threatened to sue to ensure their tribal lands and a $ 50 million casino would not be flooded . Other special interests were also concerned that businesses and residents would take second priority after nature .
The Varkari Panth ( Pilgrim Path ) or Varkari Sampradaya ( Pilgrim Tradition ) is one of the most important Vaishnava sects in India . It is a monotheistic , bhakti sect , focused on the worship of Vithoba and based on traditional Bhagavata dharma . The sect is a " Shaiva Vaishnava synthesis " and " nominal Vaishnavism , containing a free mix of other religions " . It is believed to have originated in Karnataka and migrated to Maharashtra . This last theory is based on a reference to Vithoba as " Kannada " ( belonging to Karnataka ) in the work of the first of the poet saints , Dnyaneshwar .
This would result in Bayern 's II relegation instead of Saarbrücken . Saarbrücken finally lost the case in court , a case called ridiculous by Bayern 's president Uli Hoeneß . After being released by FC Bayern Munich Ngwat Mahop ended up as a trialist in Red Bull Salzburg . He managed to persuade FC Red Bull Salzburg 's manager Giovanni Trapattoni of his football skills and he signed a two year contract with the Austrian club . After the signing of his contract he was sent to Red Bull Salzburg Juniors to get playing time . There he made his debut in a 5 – 1 away defeat by FK Austria Wien II .
Because events and not video frames were saved , the resulting game demo files were small and easily shared among players . A culture of recording gameplay developed , as Henry Lowood of Stanford University called it , " a context for spectatorship .... The result was nothing less than a metamorphosis of the player into a performer . " Another important feature of Doom was that it allowed players to create their own modifications , maps , and software for the game , thus expanding the concept of game authorship . In machinima , there is a dual register of gestures : the trained motions of the player determine the in game images of expressive motion .
As Danny Peary noted in his Cult Movies book , the film went nearly unnoticed by critics during its US release : " The few snoozing trade reviewers who saw it treated it as just another entry in AIP 's Edgar Allan Poe series ... and gave it such dismal notices that future bookings were scarce . " Hollywood Citizen News was appalled by the film : " A disgrace to the producers and scripters , and a sad commentary on the art of filmmaking ... a film with such bestial brutality and orgiastic sadism , one wonders how it ever passed customs to be released in this country .
It was founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1929 after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine , Amazing Stories , when his media company Experimenter Publishing went bankrupt . Within a few months of the bankruptcy , Gernsback launched three new magazines : Air Wonder Stories , Science Wonder Stories and Science Wonder Quarterly . Air Wonder Stories and Science Wonder Stories were merged in 1930 as Wonder Stories , and the quarterly was renamed Wonder Stories Quarterly . The magazines were not financially successful , and in 1936 Gernsback sold Wonder Stories to Ned Pines at Beacon Publications , where , retitled Thrilling Wonder Stories , it continued for nearly 20 years .
Volcanic tuff was used at Copán , and nearby Quiriguá employed sandstone . In Comalcalco , where suitable stone was not available locally , fired bricks were employed . Limestone was burned at high temperatures in order to manufacture cement , plaster , and stucco . Lime based cement was used to seal stonework in place , and stone blocks were fashioned using rope and water abrasion , and with obsidian tools . The Maya did not employ a functional wheel , so all loads were transported on litters , barges , or rolled on logs . Heavy loads were lifted with rope , but probably without employing pulleys .
Playing in the Florida State League in 1990 , Rodríguez was selected the best catcher in the league and named to the All Star team . He placed 15th in the league in batting at .287 , and led his team in runs batted in , with 55 . He also played in the Puerto Rican Professional Baseball League ( LBPPR ) over the offseason . At the beginning of the 1991 season , Rodriguez played 50 games with the Tulsa Drillers , a AA team , where he batted .274 in 175 at bats . He was considered the number one prospect of the Texas League .
He is discovered by a circus guard , and ordered off the ground . A small girl , Lillie Lockwood , and her father come to the circus , and witness Tom 's ejection . Urged by his daughter , Lillie 's father buys Tom a ticket of admission , giving him his first happy day . In return , Tom gives Lillie , as a keepsake , his most treasured possession , his pocket knife . On returning home , Tom is severely chastised by his step father , after which he decides to run away . He walks to a neighboring town , and is there engaged as an office boy by Gates , a lawyer .
However , the rest of the tell was not occupied , and a lower town extended to the north but is now all but destroyed through modern agriculture . Two Mitannian legal documents , bearing the names of kings Artashumara and Tushratta , were recovered from the city , which was destroyed between c.1300 and 1275 BC , in two waves , first at the hands of the Assyrian king Adad Nirari I , then by his successor Shalmaneser I. Little evidence of an occupation on the tell exists following the destruction of the Mitannian city , however , a series of small villages existed in the lower town during the Assyrian periods .
With the release of the latest Missoula Downtown Master Plan in 2009 , increased emphasis was directed toward redeveloping the North Side 's former rail yard and the area just south of the tracks . The city is divided into 18 neighborhood councils of which all Missoula residents are a member . The city further contains 10 historical districts : Downtown Missoula , East Pine Street , Fort Missoula , Lower Rattlesnake , McCormick , Northside , Southside , University Area and , the campus of the University of Montana . Missoula has an extensive trail system for both commuting and recreation that extends over 22 miles ( 35 km ) .
Some extremely high production volume moulds ( like those for bottle caps ) can have over 128 cavities . In some cases multiple cavity tooling will mould a series of different parts in the same tool . Some toolmakers call these moulds family moulds as all the parts are related . Examples include plastic model kits . Manufacturers go to great lengths to protect custom moulds due to their high average costs . The perfect temperature and humidity level is maintained to ensure the longest possible lifespan for each custom mould . Custom moulds , such as those used for rubber injection moulding , are stored in temperature and humidity controlled environments to prevent warping .
It will then pounce , grabbing its prey with its sharp , retractable claws . For slightly larger animals , such as geese , rabbits and hares , it will stalk from cover and wait until they come within 20 to 35 ft ( 6.1 to 10.7 m ) before rushing in to attack . Less commonly , it will feed on larger animals , such as young ungulates and other carnivores such as fishers ( primarily female ) , foxes , minks , skunks , small dogs and domesticated cats . Bobcats are considered the major predatory threat to the endangered whooping crane .
In the course of the innings he achieved the rare feat in Australia of reaching 1,000 first class runs on the tour . Grant , the West Indies captain , declared the innings closed after rain had fallen to make the pitch more difficult for batting . Australia were then bowled out for 224 , 126 runs behind West Indies . The tourists scored 124 more runs in their second innings , of which Headley made 30 , before more rain fell and Grant declared for the second time in the match . Subsequently , the bowlers dismissed Australia for 220 to give West Indies their first win over Australia , although the series ended 4 – 1 to the home side .
Official Nintendo Magazine stated that they were the best Pokémon games yet . Game Informer 's Annette Gonzalez stated " Even though the classic Pokémon formula still works as evidenced by HeartGold . I can ’ t help but hope for a new Pokémon title that breaks some new ground . " IGN 's Craig Harris said that the titles were " like a gap filler to make the wait for a new Pokémon game just a little more bearable " . Jim Sterling of Destructoid stated , " While it is , at its core , the same game that you 've played many years ago , it still manages to feel new and the updated features bolster the original experience in a manner that never intrudes and only enhances " .
After a rehab assignment , he was activated on May 26 . On June , 15 he hit the 48th " Splash Hit " home run at AT & T Park , against John Lackey in a 9 – 7 loss to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim . He was again placed on the disabled list on July 31 with the same injury he suffered earlier in the year ; he was out until September 1 . On September 20 , he hit two home runs against Randy Wolf in a 6 – 2 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Brosnan especially admired the dirigible finale . Danny Peary had mixed feelings about A View to a Kill but was generally complimentary : " Despite what reviewers automatically reported , [ Moore ] looks trimmer and more energetic than in some of the previous efforts ... I wish Bond had a few more of his famous gadgets on hand , but his actions scenes are exciting and some of the stunt work is spectacular . Walken 's the first Bond villain who is not so much an evil person as a crazed neurotic . I find him more memorable than some of the more recent Bond foes ... Unfortunately , the filmmakers – who ruined villain Jaws by making him a nice guy in Moonraker – make the mistake of switching Mayday at the end from Bond 's nemesis to his accomplice , depriving us of a slam bang fight to the finish between the two ( I suppose gentleman Bond isn 't allowed to kill women , even a monster like Mayday ) ... [ The film ] lacks the flamboyance of earlier Bond films , and has a terrible slapstick chase sequence in San Francisco , but overall it 's fast paced , fairly enjoyable , and a worthy entry in the series .
Armed with marketing approval by their respective governments , a U.S. – Israeli industrial team plans to offer the Arrow system to South Korea . The potential deal , estimated to exceed $ 1 billion . For the United States , the Arrow has provided important technical and operational data . It remains a key element in the Missile Defense Agency ’ s plan for a layered missile defense architecture , and an example of a successful , affordable program . At the moment , however , the United States does not have any plans to procure and deploy the Arrow .
Symptoms of excess salivation , wheezing , respiratory distress , and absence of breathing have also been reported . Deaths usually occur from respiratory failure or ventricular fibrillation secondary to ongoing seizure activity ; fatalities have occurred within a few hours of ingestion . Poisoned people who recover usually regain consciousness and seizures cease within 24 to 48 hours of poisoning , although seizures may persist for up to 96 hours . There are occasional long term effects such as retrograde amnesia of the events leading to intoxication and the intoxication itself . Other ongoing mild effects may include restlessness , muscle weakness , twitching , and anxiety .
" Reaction to Lords of Shadow was highly positive . 1UP 's review praised how the game took elements from other series and executed them well . GamesRadar drew favorable comparisons to other action games it has given a perfect score , including God of War III , Bayonetta and Dante 's Inferno , while praising it for being " huge in scope , length , and depth , and it 's polished with obvious love and passion " . Official Xbox Magazine lauded the size of the game 's content , writing " ... [ it ] is big .
Baylor 's passing offense had been strong all year . This was the first time they had been held below 21 points in their last seven conference games and they had two wide receivers with over 50 catches each . Unfortunately for the Bears , their starting quarterback Shawn Bell suffered a season ending injury against Texas A & M on October 28 . Paul Thompson had a career high 309 passing yards against Texas Tech , including a string of 14 straight completions after throwing his sixth interception of the year . At the time , he was also sixth on the Oklahoma single season touchdown passes list with 17 and eighth on the season passing yards list with 2,092 .
He claimed the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia on behalf of his second wife , Stephanie of Armenia , in 1220 . After Stephanie and their infant son died that year , John returned to Egypt . The Fifth Crusade ended in failure ( including the recovery of Damietta by the Egyptians ) in 1221 . John was the first king of Jerusalem to visit Europe ( Italy , France , England , León , Castile and Germany ) to seek assistance for the Holy Land . He gave his daughter in marriage to Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II in 1225 , and Frederick ended John 's rule of the Kingdom of Jerusalem .
A first half header from Leeds defender David Wetherall was enough to condemn United to their first defeat of the season and first in almost three months of football . Worse was to come for the champions , as captain Roy Keane was ruled out for the rest of the season with knee ligament damage , although Ferguson revealed after the Leeds match that they hoped that he would be fit enough to play some part in their next Champions League game , at home to Juventus on the coming Wednesday . Schmeichel was placed as captain in his absence .
Romblomanon is mainly spoken in the town of Romblon , in all of three towns of Sibuyan Island , and the towns of San Andres and San Agustin in Tablas Island . Onhan is mainly spoken in the municipalities in the southern part of Tablas Island ( Alcantara , Looc , Ferrol , Santa Fe and Santa Maria ) well as in the island municipality of San Jose . The northwestern part of Tablas Island ( in Odiongan and Calatrava , as well as the islands municipalities of Corcuera , Banton , and Concepcion , speak the Asi language . Currently , the province relies on agriculture , particularly rice and copra farming as well as fishing , for its livelihood .
It took three charges to break this battalion , which eventually fled towards the right where it encountered the remainder of Leval 's fleeing division . Ruffin 's and Leval 's divisions fled towards the Laguna del Puerco , where Victor succeeded in halting their disorganised rout . The Marshal deployed two or three relatively unscathed battalions to cover the reorganisation of his forces and secure their retreat , but Graham had also managed to call his exhausted men to order and he brought them , with Duncan 's artillery , against Victor 's new position . Morale in the re formed French ranks was fragile ; when a squadron of KGL hussars rounded the Cerro and drove a squadron of French dragoons onto their infantry , the shock was too much to bear for the demoralised soldiers , who retreated in a sudden rush .
Michael Rogers was a further three seconds back of Leipheimer and Basso , causing him to drop from sixth to seventh in the GC . 24 May 2009 — Forlì to Faenza , 161 km ( 100 mi ) The peloton faced four categorized climbs in this stage , though none were considered difficult enough to be truly selective . Also on the profile were three uncategorized hills that simply were not as steep . With a 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) flat section at the end of the stage , a breakaway finish was likely . The day began with 16 riders from 14 teams breaking away , after about 18 km ( 11 mi ) .
Short term residents of the home included Jared Sparks , Edward Everett , and Joseph Emerson Worcester . Sparks , who moved into the home in April 1833 , was then preparing a biography of Washington based on original documents . He recorded in his journal : " It is a singular circumstance that , while I am engaged in preparing for the press the letters of General Washington which he wrote at Cambridge after taking command of the American army , I should occupy the same rooms that he did at that time . " Another lodger was Sarah Lowell , an aunt of James Russell Lowell .
Joule moved to Sale in the 1870s for his health ; he died at his home at 12 Wardle Road in 1889 , and is buried in Brooklands Cemetery . The area has several parks and green spaces . Worthington Park , originally called Sale Park , was opened in 1900 . It features a bandstand , gardens , play areas , and a skate ramp and is maintained by Trafford Council and The Friends of Worthington Park . Opened in 1939 , Walton Park is in the southwest of the town and features a miniature railway . Sale Water Park is an artificial lake , created from a 35 metre ( 115 ft ) deep gravel pit left during the construction of the M60 .
A remake was produced under the same title in 1957 ; Young retook her role . Soegiati ( Fifi Young ) is the mother of four children : sons Achmad ( Rd Ismail ) , Idris ( S Poniman ) and Soemadi ( Ali Sarosa ) , and a daughter named Soepinah ( Soelami ) . She loves them all , but Soemadi receives the most of her attention because he receives little from his father , the merchant Soebagio ( Ali Joego ) . As the children grow , they marry and move away , and eventually only Soemadi is left .
If the commutative property holds for a pair of elements under a certain binary operation then the two elements are said to commute under that operation . The term " commutative " is used in several related senses . Putting on socks resembles a commutative operation since which sock is put on first is unimportant . Either way , the result ( having both socks on ) , is the same . In contrast , putting on underwear and trousers is not commutative . The commutativity of addition is observed when paying for an item with cash . Regardless of the order the bills are handed over in , they always give the same total .
The power of the jaws is in part due to its comparatively large head . The teeth and jaws of Tasmanian devils resemble those of hyenas , an example of convergent evolution . Dasyurid teeth resemble those of primitive marsupials . Like all dasyurids , the devil has prominent canines and cheek teeth . It has three pairs of lower incisors and four pairs of upper incisors . These are located at the top of the front of the devil 's mouth . Like dogs , it has 42 teeth , however , unlike dogs , its teeth are not replaced after birth but grow continuously throughout life at a slow rate .
Prior to the thirteenth century , the church and lands of Monifieth were possessions of the Céli Dé monastic order . The church was endowed to the recently founded Tironensian abbey of Arbroath by Gille Críst , Mormaer of Angus , around 1201 1207 , and the lands to the south of the Church ( now much reduced in size due to erosion ) in 1242 1243 by Matilda , Countess of Angus . A hoard of 700 coins dating to the reigns of Edward I and Edward II were found in this area in 1854 . The present building of St Rule 's Church ( built 1812 ) originally incorporated three Class II and Class III Pictish / Early Medieval sculpted stones , recycled as building stones , including one that had previously been used in the pre reformation building it replaced .
In Texas , " Confederate Heroes Day " is celebrated on January 19 , the birthday of Robert E. Lee ; Jefferson Davis 's birthday had been officially celebrated on June 3 but was combined with Lee 's birthday in 1973 . Some memorials to Davis have become controversial . Washington State Route 99 bears the name of Jefferson Davis Highway . In 2002 , the state 's House of Representatives unanimously approved a bill that would have removed Davis 's name from the road . However , a committee of the state 's Senate subsequently killed the proposal . In the former Confederate capital of Richmond , Virginia , the Museum of the Confederacy was involved in a controversy regarding a statue of Davis donated by the Sons of Confederate Veterans in 2008 .
The production was lavish ; apparently 300 men were required to manipulate the stage machinery . Federico Follino , who prepared the Mantuan court 's official report on the occasion , praised the beauty of the work , the magnificence of costumes and machinery , and the sweetness of the music . Monteverdi 's fellow composer Marco da Gagliano was equally complimentary , writing that the opera had " visibly moved the entire audience to tears . " It is possible that L 'Arianna was performed in Florence in 1614 ; a projected performance in Mantua in May 1620 to celebrate Duchess Caterina 's birthday was cancelled for unknown reasons .
The football program unfortunately is best known for its record of futility set during the 1980s : between 1983 and 1988 , the team lost 44 games in a row , which is still the record for the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision . The streak was broken on October 8 , 1988 , with a 16 13 victory over archrival Princeton University . That was the Lions ' first victory at Wien Stadium , which had been opened during the losing streak and was already four years old . A new tradition has developed with the Liberty Cup . The Liberty Cup is awarded annually to the winner of the football game between Fordham and Columbia Universities , two of the only three NCAA Division I football teams in New York City .
A complex mixture of genetic and environmental factors influences the risk of the development of alcoholism . Genes that influence the metabolism of alcohol also influence the risk of alcoholism , and may be indicated by a family history of alcoholism . One paper has found that alcohol use at an early age may influence the expression of genes which increase the risk of alcohol dependence . Individuals who have a genetic disposition to alcoholism are also more likely to begin drinking at an earlier age than average . Also , a younger age of onset of drinking is associated with an increased risk of the development of alcoholism , and about 40 percent of alcoholics will drink excessively by their late adolescence .
Nur recognized the opportunity to transform Mogadishu although resources were limited . Working closely with urban strategist Mitchell Sipus , the Benadir government sought to design and deploy a data driven approach to post war reconstruction . With the passing of a new Constitution in 2012 and the subsequent election of an inaugural President in the new Federal Government , the mayorship continued to oversee Mogadishu 's ongoing post conflict reconstruction . Building off the initial pilot , the Benadir administration launched a city wide street naming , house numbering and postal codes project . Officially called the House Numbering and Post Code System , it is a joint initiative of the municipal authorities and Somali business community representatives .
As New York opened up their season at home against the Dallas Stars on October 9 , 2010 , Tavares suffered a mild concussion late during the first period . The Stars ' Adam Burish bumped into Tavares , and the latter was unable to return to the game . He scored his first career hat trick on October 23 , 2010 , in a loss to the Florida Panthers . He then scored his second career hat trick , as well as his first career natural hat trick , on January 15 , 2011 , in a win against the Buffalo Sabres .
The economic goals are no longer seen as a means of influencing an opposite government but rather to stimulate opposition and achieve the overthrow or capitulation of the government . During the time the United States was the most dominant in all areas like military , energy , exports , etc . Food Power was not really thought about . However , since some of those powers have since diminished , the power of food has come to the surface . In the realm of food , The United States remains at the top , unchallenged . The United States has the position of being the largest producer and exporter of food .
It remained in this position throughout the first and second leg of the tour , with only two concerts concluding with an alternate song – " With or Without You " . " Love Is Blindness " was not performed on either of those two occasions . Beginning on the third leg of the tour it was followed by a cover of the Elvis Presley song " Can 't Help Falling in Love " and , on one occasion , " Are You Lonesome Tonight ? " . The song was performed at 154 of 157 concerts on the tour , closing 67 of them .
He praised Joe Down Studios for not falling into the trap of " introducing a veneer of self importance " that he felt was common in remakes of early Final Fantasy pieces . Chris of Square Enix Music Online also liked the album , saying that the arrangements " make many tracks sound better than they 've ever sounded before " . His largest complaint about the album was that it does not include every track from the game , some of which he was interested in hearing . He ascribed the exclusions to the publisher 's desire to release the soundtrack as a single disc , and concluded that the album was still a " very enjoyable overall experience " .
The steep slopes on the banks of the Meuse , added to what appeared in photographic reconnaissance to be a formidable barrier of bunkers and defence lines , caused Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt , the commander in chief of Army Group A , to question the wisdom of Guderian in choosing Sedan as the point of maximum effort . To identify how strong these fortifications were , a team of photographic specialists were called in to evaluate the pictures . Their analysis concluded that what appeared to be strong fortified positions were just the construction sites of half built bunkers that were , to all intents and purposes , empty shells .
Throughout the United States , Hurricane Charley caused an estimated US $ 15 million in damage ( equivalent to US $ 32,400,000 in 2015 ) . One person drowned in Newfoundland . As an extratropical cyclone , Charley brought heavy rainfall and strong winds to Ireland and the United Kingdom , causing at least 11 deaths . In Ireland , the rainfall set records for 24 hour totals , including an accumulation of more than 7.8 in ( 200 mm ) which set the record for the greatest daily rainfall total in the country . In the country , the rainfall caused widespread flooding , causing two rivers to exceed their banks .
They requested Hendrix as a supporting act because they were fans , but their young audience disliked the Experience , who left the tour after six shows . Chandler later admitted that he engineered the tour in an effort to gain publicity for Hendrix . The second Experience album , Axis : Bold as Love , opens with the track " EXP " , which innovatively utilized microphonic and harmonic feedback . It also showcased an experimental stereo panning effect in which sounds emanating from Hendrix 's guitar move through the stereo image , revolving around the listener . The piece reflected his growing interest in science fiction and outer space .
An alternative Outer Eastern Relief Road crossing the M5 at Old Hill was rejected as the existing bridges would need rebuilding , making the cost prohibitive . There is some opposition to both routes – a group called Cullompton Against Western Relief Road has been formed to oppose one route and there is also opposition to the eastern route which passes through the Cullompton Community Fields . The Bristol and Exeter Railway opened a station at Cullompton when the railway opened on 1 May 1844 . Around 1931 the lines were widened to provide two passing loops and a new goods shed and waiting room were constructed .
East of I 81 , the development along NY 342 increases as the route enters Pamelia Center , a hamlet centered on NY 342 's intersection with NY 37 . NY 342 continues on , passing through the eastern portion of the community and serving a local country club before entering another rural area dominated by open fields . Upon intersecting Nellis Road , NY 342 turns to follow a linear , southeasterly routing into the town of Le Ray . The rural surroundings remain until the hamlet of Calcium , where NY 342 meets US 11 north of the community 's center in a lightly populated residential area just southwest of the Fort Drum Military Reservation .
Ibn Ra 'iq tried without success to impede his advance by destroying the great dams of the Nahrawan Canal and flooding the plain , but Bajkam 's army entered the Abbasid capital without opposition , and al Radi immediately transferred Ibn Ra 'iq 's title of amir al umara to Bajkam . Despite the continued relegation of al Radi to a ceremonial role , the relationship between the Caliph and Bajkam was strong , with al Radi praising Bajkam for his harsh discipline and referring to the latter as his " protégé " . Al Radi was appreciative of Bajkam 's respect for his position as Caliph , and promised his support for the amir al umara .
While free on bail , Vick tested positive for marijuana in a random drug test . This was a violation of the conditions of his release while awaiting sentencing in federal court . Vick 's positive urine sample was submitted on September 13 , 2007 , according to a document filed by a federal probation officer on September 26 . As a result , Hudson ordered Vick confined to his Hampton , Virginia home between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. with electronic monitoring until his court hearing date in December . He was ordered to submit to random drug testing .
Carey performed " Fantasy " live on several television and award show appearances around the world . Carey performed the song at the 23rd annual American Music Awards , held on January 29 , 1996 . Additionally , it was performed live on British music chart program Top of the Pops and on French television . " Fantasy " was part of the set lists on several of Carey 's succeeding tours , making its debut during the album 's accompanying set of concerts , the Daydream World Tour and is featured on her compilation albums , # 1 's ( 1998 ) , Greatest Hits ( 2001 ) , The Remixes ( 2003 ) and Playlist : The Very Best of Mariah Carey ( 2010 ) .
He faltered in the stretch and finished fifth to Soldat . In April 2011 , Shackleford was entered in the Grade 1 $ 1,000,000 Florida Derby , again at Gulfstream . He drew post number 5 and was listed at post time as a 60 1 longshot . Breaking slowly , he floated wide going into the club house turn . On that turn , he took over the lead from Arch Traveler and To Honor and Serve in a field that stretched 14 lengths back to Dialed In at the rear . Shackleford led down the back stretch and around the final turn , setting a 1 ⁄ 2 mile ( 800 m ) fraction of 46.3 and a 3 ⁄ 4 mile ( 1,200 m ) in 1 : 10.6 .
These revisions can lead to a revised ACE total either upward or downward compared to the operational value . An area of low pressure in the eastern Gulf of Mexico developed into Tropical Storm Andrea on June 5 . Despite strong wind shear and an abundance of dry air , the storm strengthened while initially heading north northeastward , before turning northeastward later that day . Andrea intensified and peaked as a strong tropical storm with winds at 65 mph ( 100 km / h ) on June 6 . A few hours later , the storm weakened slightly and made landfall near Steinhatchee , Florida .
The song also entered the South Korea International Digital Singles Chart at number 3 for the week ending May 31 , 2014 , and number two on the Download Chart , with sales of 32,945 units . In its second week , the song fell to number seven with sales of 11,991 units , and again to number 11 in its third week with sales of 7,326 units . Carey and Wale performed " You Don 't Know What to Do " on the Today show on May 16 , 2014 . The performance also included renditions of Carey 's previous singles " Always Be My Baby " ( 1996 ) and " Touch My Body " ( 2008 ) .
Again it survived , but the service was reduced in June 1958 to run only during Monday to Friday peak hours and Saturday morning and early afternoons . The Saturday service was withdrawn in June 1962 . After operating only during peak hours for more than 30 years , the closure announcement came on 4 January 1993 . The original 1907 lifts required replacement at a cost of £ 3 million . This was not justifiable as only 450 passengers used the station each day and it was losing London Regional Transport £ 150,000 per year . The Secretary of State for Transport granted permission on 1 September 1994 to close the station and the branch closed on 30 September .
Master 's , including a Master of Professional Science degree , and doctorates are also awarded to RSMAS students by the UM Graduate School . The Rosenstiel School 's research includes the study of marine life , particularly Aplysia and coral ; climate change ; air sea interactions ; coastal ecology ; and admiralty law . The school operates a marine research laboratory ship , and has a research site at an inland sinkhole . Research also includes the use of data from weather satellites and the school operates its own satellite downlink facility . In 1940 , University of Miami President Bowman Ashe recruited F.G. Walton Smith , a young British marine biologist who was working in the Bahamas .
The two arches to the east are to the north side of the chancel , which is slightly smaller than the nave at 25 by 16 feet ( 7.6 by 4.9 m ) ; the other two are on the north side of the nave . The reset 12th century arch in the west wall is decorated with chevrons and the heads of 25 rams and bulls . There is no structural division between the nave and the chancel , but the south sanctuary ( at the east end of the chancel ) is raised by two steps and is marked out by a communion rail .
Historians from different centuries have also suggested various other years from 1150 to 1158 . Contradicting these claims , the medieval Annales Suecici Medii Aevi and the 13th century legend of Saint Botvid mention some Henry as the Bishop of Uppsala ( Henricus scilicet Upsalensis ) in 1129 , participating in the consecration of the saint 's newly built church . He is apparently the same Bishop Henry who died at the Battle of Fotevik in 1134 , fighting along with the Danes after being banished from Sweden . Known from the Chronicon Roskildense written soon after his death and from Saxo Grammaticus ' Gesta Danorum from the early 13th century , he had fled to Denmark from Sigtuna , the see of the early Uppland bishops before it was moved a few kilometers to its later location in Uppsala sometime before 1164 .
Her first cruise into the Atlantic was conducted from 7 July to 1 August . Another round of exercises followed in the autumn . The I Battle Squadron was transferred from Kiel to Wilhelmshaven in April 1910 . The following month , in May 1910 , the fleet conducted training maneuvers in the Kattegat , between Norway and Denmark . For the first time , the annual summer cruise went to Norway . Fleet training followed , and a training cruise into the Baltic took place at the end of the year . On 3 November 1911 , Schlesien was transferred to the II Battle Squadron with the rest of her sister ships .
The British also would never again conduct inland operations in Connecticut , despite western Connecticut 's strategic importance in securing the Hudson River Valley . The British destroyed at least 19 houses and 22 stores and barns , along with many military and medical supplies . The town estimated that the expedition caused more than £ 16,000 in damage , and submitted claims to Congress for recompense . Congress issued a payment of £ 500 to the town selectmen in response . Further applications were made to the state 's General Assembly in 1787 , which resulted in the awarding of land in the Ohio Country that now includes Sandusky , Ohio .
Fresh mushrooms contain about 90 % moisture . Dried specimens may be ground up into a powder and used to absorb excess liquid in soups and stews , as it rehydrates into tiny fragments . Both A. auricula judae and the similar A. polytricha are popular in China , where the medicinal use of food is common ; a soup containing the species is used medicinally for dealing with colds and fevers by reducing the heat of the body . There is evidence that the species were being cultivated in China as early as the Tang dynasty ( 618 – 907 ) .
Guests could also view and purchase photos taken of their vehicle on the ride or scan their Photopass to view or purchase the photos later . There was also an area where there was a showroom of all new , prototype , or legendary GM vehicles . Experience designer Bob Rogers and the design team BRC Imagination Arts , were commissioned to create the new post show experience entitled : " The Assembly Experience . " The Assembly Experience is a walk through environment , giving guest the illusion that they are on the floor of a vast automotive assembly plant .
The treaty was sealed by the betrothal of Catherine 's thirteen year old daughter Elisabeth to Philip II of Spain . Their proxy wedding in Paris on 22 June 1559 was celebrated with festivities , balls , masques , and five days of jousting . King Henry took part in the jousting , sporting Diane 's black and white colours . He defeated the dukes of Guise and Nemours , but the young Gabriel , comte de Montgomery , knocked him half out of the saddle . Henry insisted on riding against Montgomery again , and this time , Montgomery 's lance shattered into the king 's face .
The 1936 London Illustrated News feature had " no doubt of the authenticity " of the object which had " been subjected to exhaustive chemical examination " and showed traces of bitumen " dried out in a way which is only possible in the course of many centuries " . But stylistic doubts were published only a few months later by D. Opitz who noted the " absolutely unique " nature of the owls with no comparables in all of Babylonian figurative artefacts . In a back to back article , E. Douglas Van Buren examined examples of Sumerian [ sic ] art , which had been excavated and provenanced and she presented examples : Ishtar with two lions , the Louvre plaque ( AO 6501 ) of a nude , bird footed goddess standing on two Ibexes and similar plaques , and even a small haematite owl , although the owl is an isolated piece and not in an iconographical context .
In 2003 , Fuld was named a First Team ( NCBWA ) and Third Team ( Baseball America ) Pre Season All American . As a junior , he had 83 regular season runs , tying the school record ( # 1 in the Pac 10 ) . He hit .321 with 35 RBIs and 10 steals in 10 attempts , leading the conference in triples ( 9 ) while coming in fifth in hits ( 97 ) , eighth in doubles ( 18 ) and total bases ( 145 ) , and ninth in walks ( 34 ) . In the post season his 24 career hits broke the College World Series record of 23 set by Keith Moreland in 1973 – 75 .
The Daley administration 's expenditures exceeded revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars a year . In August 2010 , Fitch Ratings downgraded the city 's bond credit rating , citing the administration 's use of reserve funds for general operating expenses and under funding of its pension funds , and noted that the city faced rising fixed operating costs yet lacked plans for new revenue . Wall Street analysts noted that the Daley administration began drawing on the city 's reserves as early as 2006 , before the 2008 – 2012 global recession . " While there had been sound economic growth in years prior to 2008 , there were still sizable fund balance drawdowns in both 2006 and 2007 , " Fitch wrote .
On 25 March 2002 , the trial began . After four days of testimony , Judge Michael McGuire ruled in favor of the clinic . Linda Rosenthal , an attorney from the Center for Reproductive Rights characterized the decision thus : " [ t ] he judge rejected the abortion – breast cancer scare tactic . This ruling should put to rest the unethical , anti choice scare tactic of using pseudo science to harass abortion clinics and scare women . " John Kindley , one of the lawyers representing Kjolsrud stated : " I think most citizens , whether they are pro choice or anti abortion , believe in an individual 's right to self determination .
Ring had a final chance to push for Test selection in the innings win over Sussex , the last match before the First Test . He bowled only two wicketless overs as the pacemen skittled the hosts for 86 , and did not bat as Australia amassed 5 / 549 declared . He then took three consecutive wickets as Sussex fell from 5 / 98 to 8 / 109 before eventually being bowled out for 138 . Ring ended with 3 / 42 from 13 overs . Ring 's performances were not enough for him to take McCool 's place in Bradman 's first choice team .
While NY 22 continues north towards Essex , NY 9N heads west to follow a more inland routing through a series of narrow valleys . NY 9N intersects I 87 once again at exit 31 just before entering the town of Elizabethtown . The route continues west , passing over the Bouquet River and entering the hamlet of Elizabethtown , where it rejoins US 9 in the former village 's center . Unlike the overlap in Lake George , this concurrency lasts for only three blocks before the two routes split . NY 9N continues to the west for 12 miles ( 19 km ) through deep , narrow valleys to Keene , where it meets NY 73 north of Keene Valley .
Within that identity , the historian Sarah Richardson sees that one of Beeton 's achievements was the integration of different threads of domestic science into one volume , which " elevat [ ed ] the middle class female housekeeper 's role ... placing it in a broader and more public context " . Nown quotes an unnamed academic who thought that " Mrs Beetonism has preserved the family as a social unit , and made social reforms a possibility " , while Nicola Humble , in her history of British food , sees The Book of Household Management as " an engine for social change " which led to a " new cult of domesticity that was to play such a major role in mid Victorian life " .
Lawson has stated that she believes cooking is " a metaphor for life " , in the sense that " When you cook , you need structure [ ... ] but just as importantly you need to be able to loosen up and go with the flow [ ... ] you must not strive for perfection but , rather , acknowledge your mistakes and work out how you can rectify them " . She has described cooking as " a way of strengthening oneself " , in the sense that " being able to sustain oneself is the skill of the survivor " .
Following the war , at least one Filipino American , Augustin Feliciano , continued to serve in the U.S. Navy . After this Asian Americans were not recorded in the annals of U.S. military history until the American Civil War when , in 1861 , a Chinese American by the name of John Tomney joined the New York Infantry , eventually dying of wounds received at the Battle of Gettysburg . Joseph Pierce ( his chosen name ) was brought to the U.S. from China by his adoptive father , Connecticut ship Captain Amos Peck . Pierce enlisted on 26 July 1862 and was mustered into the Fourteenth Regiment , Company F of the Connecticut Volunteer Infantry that became part of the Second Brigade of the Third Division , Second Army Corps of the Army of the Potomac .
Skaði provides them with her terms of settlement , and the gods agree that Skaði may choose a husband from among themselves . However , Skaði must choose this husband by looking solely at their feet . Skaði saw a pair of feet that she found particularly attractive and said " I choose that one ; there can be little that is ugly about Baldr . " However , the owner of the feet turned out to be Njörðr . Skaði also included in her terms of settlement that the gods must do something she thought impossible for them to do : make her laugh .
Up to this period , McNicoll had completed all but five of his years of military service attached to the Royal Navy . McNicoll 's three brothers also served in the Second World War : Ronald Ramsay , who ultimately retired with the rank of major general and served in the Korean War , as a colonel with the Royal Australian Engineers ; Frederick Oscar Ramsay as a lieutenant in the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) ; and David Ramsay — who would become an accomplished journalist — as a lieutenant in the 7th Division up to 1944 , before spending the remainder of the conflict as a war correspondent for Consolidated Press , in which capacity he covered the Normandy landings .
William Hamilton ( 1788 – 1856 ) attempted to combine Reid 's approach with the philosophy of Kant . Common Sense Realism not only dominated Scottish thought but also had a major impact in France , the United States , Germany and other countries . Victor Cousin ( 1792 – 1867 ) was the most important proponent in France , becoming Minister of Education and incorporating the philosophy into the curriculum . In Germany the emphasis on careful observation influenced Humboldt 's ideas about science and was a major factor in the development of German Idealism . James McCosh ( 1811 – 94 ) brought Common Sense Realism directly from Scotland to North American in 1868 when he became president of Princeton University , which soon became a stronghold of the movement .
These dyes had great affinity for animal fibres such as wool and silk . The new colors tended to fade and wash out , but they were inexpensive and could be produced in the vast quantities required by textile production in the industrial revolution . By the 1870s commercial dyeing with natural dyestuffs was fast disappearing . At the same time the Pre Raphaelite artist and founding figure of the Arts and Crafts movement William Morris took up the art of dyeing as an adjunct to his manufacturing business , the design firm of Morris & Co . Always a medievalist at heart , Morris loathed the colors produced by the fashionable aniline dyes .
Max Tera served as assistant cinematographer on this black and white film . The film starred Ratna Asmara ( wife of Andjar ) , Ali Yugo , Iskandar Sucarno , and Djauhari Effendi , all of whom had previous theatrical experience . Ratna and Ali , together with Andjar , had been members of the travelling troupe Dardanella in the early 1930s and entered the film industry together in 1940 with Kartinah . Iskandar and Djauhari , meanwhile , had been active in the theatre during the occupation ; both made their feature film debuts with Djaoeh Dimata . Principal photography was conducted on sets constructed by artistic director Hajopan Bajo Angin in SFPC 's studio in Jakarta .
The Leeds Mercury particularly praised the characterisation of Holmes , " with all his little foibles " , while in contrast the Cheltenham Looker On described Holmes as " rather a bore sometimes " , noting that descriptions of his foibles " grows wearisome " . The correspondent for Hampshire Telegraph lamented the fact that Doyle 's more thoughtful writing , such as Micah Clarke , was not so popular as the Holmes stories , concluding that an author " who wishes to make literature pay must write what his readers want " . Sherlock Holmes has been adapted numerous times for both films and plays , and the character has been played by over 70 different actors in more than 200 films .
" ) , a challenge he accepts and wins . Penelope now states that she will accept the suitor who is able to string Ulisse 's bow . All three suitors attempt the task unsuccessfully . The disguised Ulisse then asks to try though renouncing the prize of Penelope 's hand , and to everyone 's amazement he succeeds . He then angrily denounces the suitors and , summoning the names of the gods , kills all three with the bow : " This is how the bow wounds ! To death , to havoc , to ruin ! " Deprived of the suitors ' patronage , Iro commits suicide after a doleful monologue ( " O grief , O torment that saddens the soul !
During the 1950s , Nevelson exhibited her work as often as possible . Yet despite awards and growing popularity with art critics , she continued to struggle financially . To make ends meet she began teaching sculpture classes in adult education programs in the Great Neck public school system . Her own work began to grow to monumental size , moving beyond the human scale sized works she had been creating during the early 1940s . Nevelson also visited Latin America , and discovered influences for her work in Mayan ruins and the steles of Guatemala . In 1955 Nevelson joined Colette Roberts ' Grand Central Modern Gallery , where she had numerous one woman shows .
Approximately 400 feet ( 120 m ) below the Pocono Beds is a layer of rock approximately 50 feet ( 15 m ) thick and composed of pebbly sandstone . This may be the Mount Pleasant Formation . The Mauch Chunk Formation is also found in the watershed . Additionally , the Chemung Beds are found on parts of the creek . In its lower reaches , the surficial geology in the vicinity of Shickshinny Creek consists of urban land highly disrupted by cut and fill , alluvium , alluvial terrace , fill , Wisconsinan Ice Contact Stratified Drift containing stratified sand and gravel , Wisconsinan Ice Contact Delta containing sand and gravel , Wisconsinan Bouldery Till ( a glaicial or resedimented till containing boulders , and bedrock consisting of sandstone and shale .
The bill passed both houses without further debate , and was signed by President Ulysses S. Grant on February 12 , 1873 . At no point in its almost three year journey through the legislative process did the bill provide for the retention of the standard silver dollar , into which depositors could have their bullion coined . When , several years after its passage , the 1873 law became a political issue , some of those involved in enacting it , including Sherman and Linderman , stated that there had been no intent to end bimetallism in the elimination of the authority for private citizens to have silver bullion coined into dollars .
He played in the American Association ( AA ) with the St. Louis Browns , and in the National League ( NL ) with the Boston Beaneaters and Cleveland Spiders . " Happy Jack " ( nicknamed due to his pleasant demeanor ) was born to German immigrants and raised in Ashland , Pennsylvania . He initially followed his father into the coal mining industry before playing professional baseball . After playing two and half seasons in minor league baseball , he was signed by the Browns . Over the next few seasons , he was regarded as one of the best pitchers in baseball .
The last lineup consisted of drummer David Kennedy , vocalist and bandleader Josh Scogin , and guitarists Brandon Henderson and Stephen Harrison . The band experienced frequent lineup changes since its inception , with Scogin being the only original member . The band played an abrasive style of hardcore that does not adhere to typical stylings such as melodic / abrasive dynamics and harmonic vocals . They built a reputation around their powerful live performances , with Scogin 's lyrics covering topics like materialism , personal struggle , current events , politics , and Christian themes . Their music was critically acclaimed as something " that will melt your face and leave you wanting more .
The woolly mammoth is the third most depicted animal in ice age art , after horses and bison , and these images were produced between 35,000 and 11,500 years ago . Today , more than five hundred depictions of woolly mammoths are known , in media ranging from cave paintings and engravings on the walls of 46 caves in Russia , France and Spain to engravings and sculptures ( termed " portable art " ) made from ivory , antler , stone and bone . Cave paintings of woolly mammoths exist in several styles and sizes . The French Rouffignac Cave has the most depictions , 159 , and some of the drawings are more than 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) in length .
They understood basic concepts of algebra and geometry , and could solve simple sets of simultaneous equations . Mathematical notation was decimal , and based on hieroglyphic signs for each power of ten up to one million . Each of these could be written as many times as necessary to add up to the desired number ; so to write the number eighty or eight hundred , the symbol for ten or one hundred was written eight times respectively . Because their methods of calculation could not handle most fractions with a numerator greater than one , they had to write fractions as the sum of several fractions .
" Rhimes , executive producer Betsy Beers and director Tony Phelan selected songs that became famous through their use in Grey 's Anatomy , and chose " the most iconic ones , the ones that best suited [ their ] singers , and the ones that made the most sense . " The multiple cover versions include the program 's theme tune , " Cosy in the Rocket " by Psapp . The primary vocalists are cast members Ramirez , McKidd , Leigh and Chandra Wilson . The soundtrack also includes " How to Save a Life " by The Fray and " Running on Sunshine " by Jesus Jackson , performed as ensemble pieces by Ramirez , McKidd , Wilson , Leigh , Daniel Sunjata , Scott Foley , Ellen Pompeo , Justin Chambers , Raver , Dane , and Capshaw .
Details of the rally were reported by various gay oriented national publications . Instinct magazine noted Portland 's ability to gather a crowd of 4,000 in support of the LGBT community despite dreary weather . The Huffington Post contributor Chuck Currie , a church minister from Portland , used the attack and rally to question the impact of conservative evangelical religion and other anti gay rights organizations . Progressive Oregon and Just Out ( an LGBT newspaper in Portland ) noted the failure of the city 's largest newspaper , The Oregonian , to cover the rally ; the former sent a letter and petition to the paper 's publisher N. Christian Anderson III in response , requesting " fair and balanced " coverage .
He publicly encouraged Kentuckians to strengthen the Whigs , despite his disagreements with Clay . In 1830 , Wickliffe was chosen by his colleagues as one of the managers of the impeachment proceedings against Missouri District Court judge James H. Peck . In 1831 , he was one of several candidates proposed by the Kentucky General Assembly to succeed John Rowan in the U.S. Senate . Of the sixty nine votes needed to be elected to the seat , Wickliffe received forty nine . Other candidates included John J. Crittenden ( sixty eight votes ) , John Breathitt ( sixty six votes ) , and Richard Mentor Johnson ( sixty four votes ) .
That a nun owned the painting three centuries after Adornes purportedly bequeathed a van Eyck St Francis to his daughter in a convent , and that the Adornes family owned property in Alessandria , is suggestive , but no evidence exists to confirm a connection . The technical investigations Butler conducted during her tenure resulted in worldwide collaborations and three publications . The culmination of the research came in 1998 with an exhibition at the Philadelphia Museum of Art . The exhibition was small , with a handful of paintings and a few manuscript leaves . Only two are definitively attributed to the master , the Annunciation , which came from the National Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. , and Saint Barbara , loaned from Antwerp .
The Department of Veterans Affairs opened a medical clinic in the Tanasbourne area in 2008 . For more than 150 years , the city has had residents as varied as David Hill , the city 's founder , to Tiffeny Milbrett , an Olympic and World Cup champion soccer player . Two governors of Oregon , James Withycombe and Paul L. Patterson , have called the city home . Other politicians included Congressmen Thomas H. Tongue and Samuel Thurston ; mayors William N. Barrett , Benjamin P. Cornelius , and William D. Hare , patriarch of the Hare political family .
A rink was laid out over the parking lot and held firm despite 95 degree temperatures . Behind a goal from Wayne Gretzky , the Kings came back from a 2 – 0 deficit to win 5 – 2 before a crowd of over 13,000 . The game served as a predecessor to both the Frozen Fury ( the Kings ' annual preseason game in Las Vegas that began in 1997 ) and the Winter Classic ( the annual regular season game played outdoors on New Year 's Day that began in 2008 ) . Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill is an upscale English pub environment featuring casual dining and sporting events aired on state of the art satellite equipment .
In the 1950s , the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made it freely available to scientists ; this gesture helped ribonuclease A become a major target for biochemical study for the following decades . Linus Pauling is credited with the successful prediction of regular protein secondary structures based on hydrogen bonding , an idea first put forth by William Astbury in 1933 . Later work by Walter Kauzmann on denaturation , based partly on previous studies by Kaj Linderstrøm Lang , contributed an understanding of protein folding and structure mediated by hydrophobic interactions .
Batman Returns 's budget was an estimated $ 65 million , grossing $ 266,822,354 worldwide , making the film a financial success . Warner Bros. , however , was disappointed as it was still substantially less than the first film . Burton was asked to restrict himself to the role of producer for the third film , Batman Forever , which led to Keaton vacating the role of Batman . Tucker and Esther Cobblepot throw their deformed infant child into Gotham River , fearing he would become a menace to society after attacking their pet cat . The child 's crib floats to an abandoned zoo and is found by a flock of penguins who raise him as one of their own .
" In 1967 he again played Shylock ; this was the last time he acted in a Shakespeare play on stage . His performance won critical praise , but the rest of the cast were less well received . Interspersed with his stage plays , Richardson made thirteen cinema films during the decade . On screen he played historical figures including Sir Edward Carson ( Oscar Wilde , 1960 ) , W E Gladstone ( Khartoum , 1966 ) and Sir Edward Grey ( Oh ! What a Lovely War , 1969 ) . He was scrupulous about historical accuracy in his portrayals , and researched eras and characters in great detail before filming .
Shatner described The Voyage Home 's comic quality as one " that verges on tongue in cheek but isn 't ; it 's as though the characters within the play have a great deal of joy about themselves , a joy of living [ and ] you play it with the reality you would in a kitchen sink drama written for today 's life " . Leonard Nimoy plays Spock , who was resurrected by the effects of a powerful terraforming device and had his " living spirit " restored to his body in the previous film . DeForest Kelley portrays Doctor Leonard McCoy , who is given many of the film 's comedic lines ; Kelley biographer Terry Lee Rioux wrote that in the film " he seemed to be playing straight man to himself .
In a short poem , " Mea culpa " , published in 1890 Saint Saëns accused himself of lack of decadence , and commented approvingly on the excessive enthusiasms of youth , lamenting that such things were not for him . An English commentator quoted the poem in 1910 , observing , " His sympathies are with the young in their desire to push forward , because he has not forgotten his own youth when he championed the progressive ideals of the day . " The composer sought a balance between innovation and traditional form . The critic Henry Colles , wrote , a few days after the composer 's death : In his desire to maintain " the perfect equilibrium " we find the limitation of Saint Saëns 's appeal to the ordinary musical mind .
Tokiwa displaced 9,667 metric tons ( 9,514 long tons ) at normal load and 10,476 metric tons ( 10,311 long tons ) at deep load . The ship had a metacentric height of 0.88 meters ( 2 ft 11 in ) . Her crew consisted of 676 officers and enlisted men . Tokiwa had two 4 cylinder triple expansion steam engines , each driving a single propeller shaft . Steam for the engines was provided by a dozen cylindrical boilers and the engines were rated at a total of 18,000 indicated horsepower ( 13,000 kW ) . The ship had a designed speed of 22 knots ( 41 km / h ; 25 mph ) and reached 23.1 knots ( 42.8 km / h ; 26.6 mph ) during her sea trials from 19,040 ihp ( 14,200 kW ) .
Critics called Big Red Rock 's side one its " song " side and side two its " jazz " side . " Lady Montego " , " Talkin ' ' Bout You " , " Goin ' Home " and " Nostalgic Blues " are rock songs ; the first three were written by McGuire , and the fourth by Brown . Loughnan 's " Crazy Boys " highlighted the band 's larrikin side , with working class men talking at a hamburger shop ; each used local slang or spoke in a stereotypical ethnic accent , poking fun at Australians from a variety of backgrounds .
The release of the video to the streaming service Tidal was plagued by technical difficulties , and was met with a mixed response . Critics complimented the craziness of the clip but panned the absence of the guest stars from the set . " Hold Tight " was a radio only single in Italy , released for airplay on July 24 , 2015 , and served as the fourth single from Rebel Heart in that country . " Bitch I 'm Madonna " became the only track from the album to enter the Billboard Hot 100 . It debuted and peaked at number 84 on the chart , aided by a total of 2.6 million streams of the song 's audio and video .
The depression intensified as it moved to the northwest , becoming a deep depression on July 7 . The system made landfall on the Orissa coast during the morning of July 8 and rapidly degenerated into a broad area of low pressure overland . The remnant low moved north over western Bihar and it persisted there until July 12 when it was absorbed by the monsoon trough . Winds of 55 km / h ( 30 mph ) were recorded offshore at Sandheads when the system was at its peak . The depression brought isolated heavy rains to many places throughout East India , with rains in excess of 100 mm ( 4 inches ) falling every day from the depression 's landfall until the absorption of the remnant low .
Platini said that he would allocate an additional berth to UEFA , two to Asia Football Confederation and Confederation of African Football , two shared between CONCACAF and CONMEBOL , and a guaranteed place for the Oceania Football Confederation . Platini was clear about why he wanted to expand the World Cup . He said : " [ The World Cup is ] not based on the quality of the teams because you don 't have the best 32 at the World Cup ... but it 's a good compromise . ... It 's a political matter so why not have more Africans ?
Crews were reduced to minimum levels . The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles . Reuter believed that the British intended to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919 , which was the deadline for Germany to have signed the peace treaty . Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd , Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the next opportunity . On the morning of 21 June , the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers , and at 11 : 20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ships .
McCann notes that one of reasons that Grant was so successful with his film career is that he was not conscious of how handsome he was on screen , acting in a fashion which was most unexpected and unusual from a Hollywood star of that period . George Cukor once stated : " You see , he didn 't depend on his looks . He wasn 't a narcissist , he acted as though he were just an ordinary young man . And that made it all the more appealing , that a handsome young man was funny ; that was especially unexpected and good because we think , ' Well , if he 's a Beau Brummel , he can 't be either funny or intelligent ' , but he proved otherwise " .
In dolphinfish , males have larger and blunter heads than females . In several minnow species , males develop swollen heads and small bumps known as breeding tubercles during the breeding season . The male green humphead parrotfish has a more well developed forehead with an " ossified ridge " which plays a role in ritualised headbutting . Dimorphism can also take the form of differences in coloration . Again , it is usually the males that are brightly coloured ; in killifishes , rainbowfishes and wrasses the colours are permanent while in species like minnows , sticklebacks , darters and sunfishes , the colour changes with seasons .
The Union advance on the Dunker Church resumed and cut a large gap in Jackson 's defensive line , which teetered near collapse . Although the cost was steep , Hooker 's corps was making steady progress . Confederate reinforcements arrived just after 7 a.m. The divisions under McLaws and Richard H. Anderson arrived following a night march from Harpers Ferry . Around 7 : 15 , General Lee moved George T. Anderson 's Georgia brigade from the right flank of the army to aid Jackson . At 7 a.m. , Hood 's division of 2,300 men advanced through the West Woods and pushed the Union troops back through the Cornfield again .
The last game of the season , at the Boleyn Ground , saw West Ham draw 2 – 2 against Aston Villa , ensuring a tenth place finish three points ahead of rivals Tottenham Hotspur . It was a five place improvement on the previous season , and most importantly West Ham were never under any realistic threat of relegation . After a row with the board over the sale of defenders Anton Ferdinand and George McCartney to Sunderland , manager Alan Curbishley resigned on 3 September 2008 . His successor was former Chelsea striker Gianfranco Zola , who took over on 11 September 2008 to become the club 's first non British manager .
This led founder Samuel Goldwyn , Jr. to remark : " The fact that Columbia is distributing the Care Bears sequel is typical of the greed of the big studios . Someone else has to go in and prove something works , then a studio will charge in . " By contrast , Goldwyn acquired the rights to the original film after major U.S. studios passed on it ; they did not see the financial potential in a movie aimed strictly for children . According to Richard Freedman of the Newhouse News Service , " This must be the first version of the Faust myth in which not only does Faust ( or Faustina [ Christy ] , here ) manage to weasel out of the pact with the Devil , but succeeds in regenerating him , as well .
It was the second North Indian Ocean cyclone to receive a name , after Onil earlier in the year . Agni formed on November 28 well to the southwest of India in the Arabian Sea , and steadily intensified as it tracked northwestward . The Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) estimated peak 1 minute sustained winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) , while the India Meteorological Department ( IMD ) estimated peak 3 minute sustained winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) ; the IMD is the official warning center for the north Indian Ocean .
HexaDrive handled the 2D screen displays , world map features and lip synching , while Square Enix handled the 3D graphics , such as character models in cutscenes . Lighting effects and in game assets were improved and updated for HD consoles using the DirectX 11 technology utilized for XV . Alongside this , a large proportion of the upgrade was done using HexaDrive 's in house engine HexaDrive Engine 2.0 . While originally meant to have a cursory role compared to the DirectX 11 elements , it ended up being used far more than anticipated . The resolution was increased from the original game 's 480x272 pixels to the 1920x1080 required .
However , most of the fans had flown in from Canada . This edition of the Continental Cup used the same format as that of the previous year . Out of the sixty total points available , a majority of points was needed to win the cup . The mixed doubles , singles , and team games were worth one point each , and ties were worth one half point each to both teams . The skins games were worth a total of five points . Six mixed doubles and six singles games were played , along with eighteen team games and six skins games .
Jim , however , believes that the entire exercise is pointless . Andy decides he needs to make a move on Erin ( Ellie Kemper ) before the day is out , as he may otherwise never see her again due to the possible impending closure of Dunder Mifflin . While in character , he asks Erin out for a weekend date , but becomes unsure if he really asked her out , or if he just simply asked out her murder mystery character , " Naughty Nelly . " He is worried that Erin only agreed because Naughty Nelly is a promiscuous character .
In China , dances with weapon have been recorded for a long time . The founder of the Han Dynasty Liu Bang was said to be fond of the war dance of the Ba people . Large scale performances of the dance involved the brandishing of various weapons to the accompaniment of drums and songs in the Ba language . It remained popular through the Tang Dynasty and spread as far as Central Asia . The development of art dance , in general , in China reached its peak during the Tang dynasty and then was largely integrated into Chinese Opera practice .
The Halo franchise has produced numerous merchandising partnerships , and the characters of Halo have likewise been featured in a variety of products . The Master Chief , being the symbol of the franchise , has appeared on everything from soda to T shirts and mugs . At one point , marketers for Halo 3 were planning on producing Cortana themed lingerie . There have also been several series of licensed action figures produced , with the Halo : Combat Evolved and Halo 2 collectibles being produced by Joyride Studios in several series . For Halo 3 , the responsibility of designing the action figures was given to McFarlane Toys ; a total of eight series have been announced , with ninth series devoted to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the franchise by re issuing a few of the earlier figurines along with pieces to construct a buildable plaque of the Legendary icon used in the game for the hardest skill level .
Filton Abbey Wood is the third station on the site . The first station , Filton , was opened in 1863 by the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway . The station had a single platform , with a second added in 1886 to cope with traffic from the Severn Tunnel . The station was closed in 1903 , replaced by a new station , Filton Junction , 0.15 miles ( 0.24 km ) further north , which was built at the junction with the newly constructed Badminton Line from Wootton Bassett . The new station had four platforms , each with waiting rooms and large canopies .
However , it was subsequently banned in Nazi Germany in 1936 as " political allegory on the treatment of Jews in Europe . " Many copies of the novel were burned , making original first editions rare and difficult to find . When Felix Salten visited the United States as a member of a European delegation of journalists in May – July 1930 , he was greeted warmly because of Bambi wherever the delegation went , as was testified by the Finnish member of the delegation , Urho Toivola . In his own travel book , Salten did not boast about this ; only when describing his visit to a “ Negro college ” of Atlanta , he mentions passingly that the children praised his books .
The England game was John and Edwards ' fifteenth Wales international together , in an away match which recorded the largest haul of tries for the Welsh team in England since 1908 . John scored one of the tries along with a dropped goal . Due to an injury to Edwards , John finished the game alongside " Chico " Hopkins . With only Ireland standing in front of a Welsh Triple Crown win , hopes were high , but Ireland , made John and Edwards look ordinary in a 0 – 14 defeat . John was unavailable for the final game of the tournament to France , his place taken by Phil Bennett .
However , crude oil discoveries in Texas during the 1920s and in the Middle East in the mid 20th century brought most oil shale industries to a halt . In 1944 , the US recommenced shale oil extraction as part of its Synthetic Liquid Fuels Program . These industries continued until oil prices fell sharply in the 1980s . The last oil shale retort in the US , operated by Unocal Corporation , closed in 1991 . The US program was restarted in 2003 , followed by a commercial leasing program in 2005 permitting the extraction of oil shale and oil sands on federal lands in accordance with the Energy Policy Act of 2005 .
Tillman , Samuel Escue ( 1990 ) . Smith , Dwight La Vern , ed . The Kansas Frontier , 1869 1870 : Lt. Samuel Tillman 's First Tour of Duty . Kansas State Historical Society . Retrieved April 25 , 2009 . Tillman , Samuel ( May 21 , 1878 ) . Wheeler , George W. , ed . Annual report upon the geographical explorations and surveys west of the one hundredth meridian ... Geographical Surveys West of the 100th Meridian . Washington , D.C. : Government Printing Office. p . 107 . Retrieved April 25 , 2009 . Tillman , Samuel Escue ( 1892 ) [ 1889 ] .
Tibbitt and Torresan also worked as storyboard directors . The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on March 15 , 2000 , with a TV Y7 parental rating . Series head writer of the first season Merriwether Williams said the episode 's story is " so simple . " She remarked " To me , it 's one of the best episodes . It just stayed with one idea . " The episode was about " how he [ SpongeBob ] keeps missing the bus and how that makes him feel . " Williams said the episode was " so small that you could explore gags and opportunities for gags .
His passion was for anatomy ; he told the story of how he had been so concentrated on an anatomy dissection one day in 1843 that he failed to look outside to observe the street procession known as the " Disruption " which launched the Free Church of Scotland . He became Lecturer of Anatomy at the University of Edinburgh . In 1863 , Struthers became the first Regius Professor of Anatomy at the recently formed University of Aberdeen . This was a " Crown Chair " ( a professorship recognized by the government ) , a prestigious position . Struthers ' application for the chair was supported by over 250 letters , many from public figures including well known doctors such as Joseph Lister and James Paget , and politicians such as Charles Grey , 2nd Earl Grey , who became Home Secretary , and James Moncreiff , who became the Scottish Lord Advocate .
Two days later , del Potro defeated Novak Djokovic in the bronze medal match . It was Del Potro 's first victory over Djokovic , excluding a win that occurred in the Davis Cup where Djokovic retired after dropping the first set . Del Potro returned to hard courts to play at the Rogers Cup , where he was upset by 33 year old world no . 40 Radek Štěpánek . Del Potro lost in the quarterfinals of the US Open against Djokovic . In October , del Potro beat qualifier Grega Žemlja to win the Erste Bank Open in Vienna .
" The Louvre has been accused of behaving " like a corporation with a clearly defined strategy : profit maximization . " In the words of Didier Rykner : We have lost a battle , but the combat continues . In April 2011 , over 120 international artists urged a boycott of both the Louvre and Guggenheim museums over concerns regarding the abuse and exploitation of construction workers employed to develop the complex . In December 2013 , The Guardian reported that conditions for the workers at the construction sites amount to modern day slavery . According to the New York Times , " Henri Loyrette , the president and director of the Louvre , has responded to growing criticism of the museum ’ s new policy of establishing footholds abroad , arguing that the Louvre cannot ignore the ' internationalization ' of museums .
The Music City Bowl took place on December 31 , and in a contest against Southeastern Conference opponent Vanderbilt , Boston College lost , 16 – 13 . The loss ended a streak of eight consecutive bowl game wins for Boston College . In the Orange Bowl , Virginia Tech emerged victorious against Big East Conference champion Cincinnati , 20 – 7 . The win was Tech 's first BCS bowl game win since 1995 , and was the first ACC BCS game win since 2000 . Following the loss to Vanderbilt in the 2008 Music City Bowl , Boston College head coach Jeff Jagodzinski announced his intention to interview for the vacant head coaching position with the National Football League 's New York Jets .
After their return to London , her former husband , Leigh Holman , who could still exert a strong influence on her , stayed with the Oliviers and helped calm her . In 1958 considering her marriage to be over , Leigh began a relationship with the actor Jack Merivale , who knew of Leigh 's medical condition and assured Olivier he would care for her . In 1959 , when she achieved a success with the Noël Coward comedy Look After Lulu ! , The Times critic described her as " beautiful , delectably cool and matter of fact , she is mistress of every situation " .
A single mother once again , Maya begins to find success as a performer . She gets a job dancing and singing at The Purple Onion , a popular nightclub in San Francisco , and — on the recommendation of the club 's owners — she changes her name from Marguerite Johnson to the " more exotic " " Maya Angelou " . She gains the attention of talent scouts , who offer her a role in Porgy and Bess ; she turns down the part , however , because of her obligations to The Purple Onion . When her contract expires , Maya goes to New York City to audition for a part opposite Pearl Bailey , but she turns it down to join a European tour of Porgy and Bess .
Another change visible in that issue is the reversal of the title coloring to white lettering on a block of red ; this was used from August 1963 to December 1965 . In August 1969 the title was enlarged to fill the width of the magazine ; this issue had the white inverted " L " , but it was the last one to do so till 1980 . After August 1969 the cover paintings spanned the entire cover , though with some minor variations in layout such as can be seen in the October 1976 issue . Then in September 1978 ( undated on the cover , but numbered vol .
Steinbeck suggested that he write a sequel to Cannery Row that would feature the characters attractive to Feuer and Martin . Based on suggestions for the story line by Feuer and Martin , Steinbeck began to write Sweet Thursday . Cannery Row is set in Monterey , California , before World War II . In Sweet Thursday , Doc returns from the war to find Cannery Row almost deserted and many of his colorful friends gone . Even his close friend Dora , who ran the Bear Flag Restaurant , a whorehouse , has died , and her sister Fauna has taken her place as madam .
That same year , MIGA held a conference in Ghana to promote investment . The agency joined the Berne Union , an international community of export credit and investment insurance providers in 1994 . In 1997 , MIGA issued the inaugural contract under its Cooperative Underwriting Program to support an energy project in Indonesia . In collaboration with the European Union Investment Trust Fund for Bosnia and Herzegovina , the agency set up a fund for investment guarantees amounting to $ 12 million ( $ 17 million in 2012 dollars ) . The agency also established the West Bank and Gaza Investment Guarantee Trust Fund with a capacity of $ 20 million ( $ 29 million in 2012 dollars ) .
In late July , it was announced that Iris would air on Wednesdays and Thursdays on KBS2 , for premiere on October 14 . Filming continued throughout the year and , on October 5 , a production press conference was held for the Korean and world media just over a week prior to the series premiere . Filming continue after the premiere of the series . On November 29 , 2009 , the filming crew took over a section of Sejong ro at Gwanghwamun Plaza , Seoul for twelve hours to film lengthy gunfight scenes . The five lanes along the plaza in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts were closed to traffic for filming from 07 : 00 to 19 : 00 .
Unable to find it amongst the narrow , winding alleyways , the convoy came under devastating small arms and RPG fire . The convoy had to return to base after suffering numerous casualties , and sustaining substantial damage to their vehicles . Reinforcements , consisting of elements from the QRF , 10th Mountain Division soldiers , Rangers , SEALs , Pakistan Army tanks and Malaysian armored personnel carriers , finally arrived at 1 : 55 am on 4 October . The combined force worked until dawn to free the pilot 's body , receiving RPG and small arms fire throughout the night .
The river flows briefly to the south , passing Cowdray on the east bank , which is a scheduled ancient monument . It consists of a medieval fortified house , which is partly ruined , although some of it has been reused . It is situated within Cowdray Park , a grade II * listed landscaped park , which forms the grounds for Cowdray House , a nineteenth century mansion some 0.75 miles ( 1.2 km ) further east . On the opposite bank is a motte and bailey castle , dating from the twelfth century . Below this point , the river was navigable .
His best friend and fellow courier , Zeke Jedediah Dunbar ( voiced by Caleb Moody ) takes initial refuge from the chaos on the streets at a rooftop pad and becomes both impressed and envious of Cole 's newfound powers . Trish Dailey ( voiced by October Moore ) is a medical student and Cole 's girlfriend at the start of the game , who rejects him after accusing him of causing her sister 's death . Shortly after the explosion , Cole meets with FBI agent Moya Jones ( voiced by Kimberli Colbourne ) , who assigns him missions to complete in Empire City in hopes of finding an agent named John White ( voiced by Phil LaMarr ) who was trapped in the city while investigating a case for another agency when the quarantine was enacted and has left numerous encoded messages on satellite receivers .
1221 – 28 ) , was once more embroiled in warfare with Nicaea as it supported Laskaris ' brothers in their challenge against the new Nicaean emperor , John III Doukas Vatatzes ( r . 1222 – 54 ) . The first detachments of the assembling crusade , under Count Oberto II of Biandrate , arrived at Thessalonica in summer 1222 and joined the de facto regent , Guy Pallavicini . Theodore now hastened his move against Thessalonica . After preliminary operations in late 1222 , in early 1223 he laid siege to the city . Honorius excommunicated him again , and redoubled his effort to promote the crusade , which had come to a standstill in the meantime .
When Miles arrives at the FBI Headquarters , Mulder , Doggett , Skinner and Krycek help Scully to escape along with Reyes who drives her to a remote farm . Shortly after Skinner kills Krycek , Scully delivers an apparently normal baby while the alien " Super Soldiers " surround her . Without explanation , the aliens leave the area as Mulder arrives . While Doggett and Reyes report to the FBI Headquarters , Mulder takes Scully and their newborn son , William , back to her apartment . Mulder goes into hiding , Scully is again reassigned to the FBI Academy , and Reyes becomes Doggett 's new FBI partner at the X Files office .
Winehouse first appealed the fines , but later dropped the appeal . On 26 April 2008 , Winehouse was cautioned after she admitted to police she slapped a 38 year old man in the face , a " common assault " offence , her first of two . She voluntarily turned herself in and was held overnight . Police said , at her arrival she was " in no fit state " to be interviewed . Ten days later , Winehouse was arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs after a video of her apparently smoking crack cocaine was passed to the police in January , but was released on bail a few hours later because they could not confirm , from the video , what she was smoking .
As Susan settles into Ramsay Street , she hopes to get back into teaching . Susan gets involved in the drama society and works at the Coffee Shop for Annalise Hartman ( Kimberley Davies ) . Karl wants to have another child , but Susan is opposed to the idea . She later decides that she wants to return to teaching and is given a job at Erinsborough High . Susan chaperones Brett Stark ( Brett Blewitt ) on a trip to South Africa and she confesses to him that she helped her mother to die . Susan invites Billy 's best friend , Toadfish Rebecchi ( Ryan Moloney ) to move in and he becomes a surrogate son after Malcolm leaves .
The takeover was a friendly one , and dependent upon the agreement of the Webster family , who owned 20 per cent of the company . Watney Mann was motivated by an increase to their tied estate . Following the takeover , Webster 's continued as a regional subsidiary of the Watney Mann brewing empire , responsible for Yorkshire , Humberside , north Derbyshire and north Nottinghamshire . The takeover saw heavy investment in the brewery and the Webster 's brands enjoyed increased distribution nationally . That same year , Watney Mann itself was taken over by Grand Metropolitan . In 1979 , Webster 's employed a total of 1,500 people across production , distribution and retailing .
Lord Fairfax sent for Martin , who arrived in Virginia from England aboard the Hatley on May 24 , 1751 , accompanied by William Fairfax , who had been seeking an appointment to a position in England . Martin and Fairfax arrived in Williamsburg , where they dined with Fairfax 's fellow Virginia Governor 's Council member John Blair , Sr. , and visited the Governor 's Palace and the Capitol before beginning their journey toward the Northern Neck on May 31 . Following his arrival at the Northern Neck Proprietary , Martin settled at Greenway Court with his uncle that autumn .
After moving into the Great Australian Bight on 24 April , the storm dissipated . Despite Orson 's extreme intensity , damage was relatively minimal as it struck a sparsely populated region of Western Australia . Five people were killed offshore and damages amounted to A $ 20 million ( US $ 16.8 million ) . The storm damaged a new gas platform that explored a possible oil field , believed to contain nearly 200 million barrels ( 32,000,000 m3 ) of oil . The damage delayed the project for nearly two weeks . The most severe impacts took place in Pannawonica , where 70 homes were damaged .
The highway 's designation consists entirely of a bridge on Seashore Road ( County Route 626 ) , which is known as Relocated Seashore Road . The southern terminus of the highway is an intersection with County Routes 641 and 626 in Lower Township . After crossing the Cape May Canal , Route 162 terminates at an intersection with County Routes 603 and 626 in Lower Township . Route 162 and County Route 626 date back to the 1850s , when local businessmen and county financial Richard Holmes put together the Cape May Turnpike . The turnpike was chartered in 1854 , but construction did not begin until 1857 , with completion in April of the next year .
In northern Mesopotamia , both the Amorites and Babylonians were driven from Assyria by Puzur Sin a native Akkadian speaking ruler , circa 1740 BC . Around the same time , native Akkadian speakers threw off Amorite Babylonian rule in the far south of Mesopotamia , creating the Sealand Dynasty , in more or less the region of ancient Sumer . Hammurabi 's ineffectual successors met with further defeats and loss of territory at the hands of Assyrian kings such as Adasi and Bel ibni , as well as to the Sealand Dynasty to the south , Elam to the east , and to the Kassites from the northeast .
In 2000 , with wheeled carry on baggage becoming more popular , Delta Air Lines began installing overhead bin extensions on their 757 200s to provide additional storage space , and American Airlines did the same in 2001 . The larger bins are part of aftermarket interior upgrades which include updated ceiling panels and lighting . The 757 was produced in standard and stretched lengths . The original 757 200 debuted as a passenger model , and was subsequently developed into the 757 200PF and 757 200SF cargo models , as well as the convertible 757 200M variant . The stretched 757 300 was only available as a passenger model .
Despite the injury , he was projected as the starter . The injury caused him to miss an exhibition game . When he returned to practice he was soon also dealing with a sprained elbow . He lost the job to Garnes after missing a lot of exhibition time and allowing the latter to see plenty of action . In addition to the injury , Douglass had had a poor exhibition showing . In 2001 he became the football coach at his alma mater Trotwood . He transformed the program by spending time creating player highlight reels , responding to college recruiters and taking his athletes on college tours .
" In the 1980s , Peterson was described by Oregonian columnist Margie Boulé as " arguably , the most recognizable man in Portland . " Peterson 's most famous commercials were his " Wake up ! Wake up ! " spots , which began airing in the mid 1970s . Peterson borrowed the idea from another retailer in Corpus Christi , Texas . Said Peterson , " Somebody told me about it and I followed it up . Ours was much more successful than theirs . They didn 't have the store owner or a strong personality doing theirs . " Peterson kept his stores open from 11 a.m. to 3 a.m. to accommodate customers inspired by the ad to visit his store late at night .
Freudberg stated that the concept " was radical because we had never veered from that magazine mosaic and had never given any character more than another character to do " . Animator Mo Willems came up with the idea of creating a less realistic setting compared to the rest of the show . The segment presented Elmo moving between and combining two worlds of live action and computer generated animation , which looked like " a child 's squiggly crayon drawing come to life " created by the host , and with " a stream of consciousness feel to it " .
By measuring Pb isotope compositions of sediments from the Tiber River and the Trajanic Harbor , the present work shows that “ tap water ” from ancient Rome had 100 times more lead than local spring waters . Romans also consumed lead through the consumption of defrutum , carenum , and sapa , musts made by boiling down fruit in lead cookware . Defrutum and its relatives were used in Ancient Roman cuisine and cosmetics , including as a food preservative . The use of leaden cookware , though popular , was not the general standard and copper cookware was used far more generally .
Moreover , information from studies of community ecology , plant systematics , and taxonomy is essential to understanding vegetation change , habitat destruction and species extinction . Inheritance in plants follows the same fundamental principles of genetics as in other multicellular organisms . Gregor Mendel discovered the genetic laws of inheritance by studying inherited traits such as shape in Pisum sativum ( peas ) . What Mendel learned from studying plants has had far reaching benefits outside of botany . Similarly , " jumping genes " were discovered by Barbara McClintock while she was studying maize . Nevertheless , there are some distinctive genetic differences between plants and other organisms .
Hurricane advisories issued every six hours by the regional hurricane offices began at this time . The National Hurricane Center became a tropical cyclone warning center in 1956 , and assumed many of the functions it has today by 1965 . The National Hurricane Research Project , begun in the 1950s , used aircraft to study tropical cyclones and carry out experiments on mature hurricanes through its Stormfury project . Forecasts within the hurricane advisories were issued one day into the future in 1954 before being extended to two days into the future in 1961 , three days into the future in 1964 , and five days into the future in 2001 .
On the cape are some narrow strips of beach , which are suitable for landing . The beach in Norvegiabukta is just 4 meters ( 13 ft ) wide and is entered via the natural arch Tsarporten . On the west side is a plateau , while the north and south coasts feature ice shelves . The eastern side is the steepest and features two rock columns with flat tops in the sea . The island is a shield volcano , although it is not known if it is still active , and it has been categorized as either Holocene or historic , based on date samples ranging from 0.1 to 0.35 million years ago .
Apple admitted that it had failed to anticipate the sales ratio between the iPhone 5C and the iPhone 5S , leading to an overstocking of the 5C and shortages of the 5S . Six months after the release of the iPhone 5S , on March 25 , 2014 , Apple announced that sales of the iPhone brand has crossed 500 million units . By May 2014 , despite being on the market for 8 months , the iPhone 5S reportedly outsold the newly released Samsung Galaxy S5 by 40 % , with 7 million iPhone 5S units versus 5 million Galaxy S5 units .
He is also a member of the National Society of Black Engineers and the Dallas Association of Minority Engineers . Following his success in the NBA , Bosh soon had his own YouTube channel , and has since made various TV appearances . In December 2009 , First Ink , a DVD featuring comedic digital shorts and a documentary about Bosh was released . The DVD was filmed during the summer of 2009 . A fan of the X Men cartoon as a child , Bosh voiced the Marvel character Heimdall in an episode of Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. in 2014 .
Part 4 , which Hues considered the most important part of the work , explained how the globes enabled seamen to determine the sun 's position , latitude , course and distance , amplitudes and azimuths , and time and declination . The final part of the work contained a treatise inspired by Harriot on rhumb lines . In the work , Hues also published for the first time the six fundamental navigational propositions involved in solving what was later termed the " nautical triangle " used for plane sailing . Difference of latitude and departure ( or longitude ) are two sides of the triangle forming a right angle , the distance travelled is the hypotenuse , and the angle between difference of latitude and distance is the course .
Independent but officially licensed releases of Final Fantasy IV music have been orchestrated by such groups as Project Majestic Mix , which focuses on arranging video game music . Selections also appear on Japanese remix albums , called dōjin music , and on English remixing websites such as OverClocked ReMix . Because the previous two installments of the Final Fantasy series had not been localized and released in North America at the time , Final Fantasy IV was distributed as Final Fantasy II to maintain naming continuity . This remained the norm until the release of Final Fantasy VII in North America ( after the release of Final Fantasy VI under the title of Final Fantasy III ) and subsequent releases of the original Final Fantasy II and III on various platforms .
An injured James then reveals about Raj 's past . Raj 's father Suryanarayana ( R. Parthiepan ) was a respected man in Rayadurg and his best friend , a rich man named Ramamurthy ( Nassar ) , was Chaitra 's father . Chaitra and Raj were childhood friends . Bellary , who is Ramamurthy 's brother in law , found out about the presence of iron ore under Ramamurthy 's land and along with Baireddanna , decided to exploit the ore for their own benefit . When Suryanarayana and Ramamurthy objected , they and their families , except Raj and Chaitra , were killed by Bellary and Baireddanna .
There are tense dramatic scenes , and above all there is the question that must be faced , " Who 's Your Neighbor ? " " The film was declared to be the " most satisfactory picture Denver has had in many months " by the Paris Theater in the September 29 issue of Motography . Though the October 6 edition of Motography noted that W. A. Roderick and F. O. Brown , officers of Paris Theater Company were charged for showing the film which violated a city ordinance on " immoral pictures " . The men rejected that claim , citing that it was not immoral , but was rejected by the censorship board because it was a propaganda film and not on the film 's morality .
Upon taking over as leader of the Labor Party on 24 June 2010 , Gillard said she could " assure " Australians that the Federal Budget would be in surplus in 2013 . The Government continued to promise this outcome until December 2012 . Gillard initially ruled out a " carbon tax " but said that she would build community consensus for a price on carbon and open negotiations with the mining industry for a re vamped mining profits tax . Following the 2010 hung parliament election result , the Labor Party elected to adopt the Australian Greens preference for a carbon tax to transition to an emissions trading scheme , establishing a carbon price via the Clean Energy Act 2011 .
In 939 , Constantine married his first wife Helena , a daughter of the patrikios Adrian , an Armenian . Symeon Magister records the death of Helena on 14 January 940 , and on 2 February of the same year , Constantine married his second wife , Theophano Mamas . Constantine had a son , named Romanos , but it is not recorded by which of his two wives . This Romanos was castrated in 945 , after the Lekapenoi lost power , to prevent him from claiming the Byzantine throne . He nevertheless pursued a career in the court , eventually reaching the rank of patrikios and the post of Eparch of Constantinople .
The safety of these medications in pregnancy is unclear . Dietary modifications may be of benefit to some children with ADHD . A 2013 meta analysis found less than a third of children with ADHD see some improvement in symptoms with free fatty acid supplementation or decreased eating of artificial food coloring . These benefits may be limited to children with food sensitivities or those who are simultaneously being treated with ADHD medications . This review also found that evidence does not support removing other foods from the diet to treat ADHD . A 2014 review found that an elimination diet results in a small overall benefit .
" " Bésame Mucho " was first included on the 1991 album The Blessing , Rubalcaba 's first recording to be issued in the United States , and the version was named by Scott Yanow of Allmusic a " highlight " of the album , including accompaniment from Haden on bass guitar and drummer Jack DeJohnette . A reworked version is included on Solo , and is described as having an " intensely meditative character and slow deliberation , " and " a more complex higher level of communication " than the original version . " Here 's That Rainy Day " is a jazz ballad , recorded earlier for the album Inner Voyage , with an arrangement described as " breathtaking " by Ken Dryden of Allmusic .
Mirkin said he felt the gremlin was well done because he looked scary and " yet it looks like a completely organic Simpsons character " . Üter , a character from Germany , makes his first appearance on the show in this segment ; he was conceived as a one time joke , but reappeared in later episodes because Mirkin felt he was " such a perfect stereotype " . The third segment , " Bart Simpson 's Dracula " , was written by Canterbury . It is based on Francis Ford Coppola 's film Bram Stoker 's Dracula . Mirkin was a big fan of the film and pushed for a segment about vampires inspired by the movie .
French aligned African countries supported the secessionists who , provided with mercenaries and weapons by Jean Mauricheau Beaupré , began a civil war . By the end of the 1960s , French supported nations suddenly and openly distanced themselves from France and Côte d 'Ivoire 's position on the civil war . Isolated on the international scene , both countries decided to suspend their assistance to Ojukwu , who eventually went into exile in Côte d 'Ivoire . At the request of Paris , Houphouet Boigny began forging relations with South Africa in October 1970 , justifying his attitude by stating that " [ t ] he problems of racial discrimination , so painful , so distressing , so revolting to our dignity of Negros , must not be resolved , we believe , by force .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini mansions among many other activities . His son Michael serves as manager of the company , and , after being passed over for a promotion , decides to leave both the company and his family . Just as he makes this decision , however , George Sr. is arrested by the Securities and Exchange Commission for defrauding investors and gross spending of the company 's money for " personal expenses " . His wife Lucille becomes CEO , and immediately names as the new president her extremely sheltered youngest son Buster , who proves ill equipped , as his only experience with business is a class he took concerning 18th century agrarian business .
Further organization was initially hindered by strong easterly wind shear as it drifted toward the west southwest along the northern fringes of a mid level zonal ridge . The latitudinal ridge was perturbed by a broad frontal system from 21 to 22 February , reducing wind shear around the low and producing favorable conditions for development . Swift tropical cyclogenesis followed as the convection – thunderstorms – strengthened around the system 's surface circulation , and the storm was assigned the name Bobby by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology ( BoM ) during the early morning hours of 22 February while stationed approximately 500 km ( 310 mi ) north of Port Hedland , making it the fourth named storm of the Australian region cyclone season .
However , a number of critics were angered by their presence and nudity , including Pope Adrian VI who wanted the ceiling stripped . Michelangelo was the artistic heir to the great 15th century sculptors and painters of Florence . He learnt his trade first under the direction of a masterly fresco painter , Domenico Ghirlandaio , known for two great fresco cycles in the Sassetti Chapel and Tornabuoni Chapel , and for his contribution to the cycle of paintings on the walls of the Sistine Chapel . As a student Michelangelo studied and drew from the works of the two most renowned Florentine fresco painters of the early Renaissance , Giotto and Masaccio .
A flight of CH 46 Sea Knights later arrived and , in a scene that would be repeated at Khâm Đức , chaos descended on the allied formation as Nung and U.S personnel fought their way onto the helicopters . Some of the Nung soldiers had to be thrown off because the helicopters quickly reached their limit capacity ; eventually U.S. aircrews had to dump some of their equipment overboard to accommodate the last remaining Nungs on the landing zone . By 08 : 00 , the evacuation of the Ngok Tavak survivors was completed , and White immediately flew out to Đà Nẵng along with the two Australian Warrant Officers after they arrived in Khâm Đức .
As of July 2014 , about 32,000 i MiEV family passenger vehicles have been sold worldwide , with Japan as the leading market with over 10,000 i MiEVs sold , followed by Norway with more than 4,900 units , France with over 4,700 units , Germany with more than 2,400 units , all three European countries accounting for the three variants of the i MiEV family sold in Europe ; and the United States with over 1,800 i MiEVs sold through August 2014 . As of early March 2015 , and accounting for all variants of the i MiEV , including the two minicab MiEV versions sold in Japan , global sales totaled over 50,000 units since 2009 .
The song is still heard on re issues of early recordings and on post World War II recordings by Donald Adams and others . In 1942 , George Orwell noted that " The phrase " killing Kruger with your mouth " ... was current till very recently " . In 2010 , a Kipling conference , called " Following The Absent minded Beggar " was held at the School of the Humanities of the University of Bristol , organised by Dr. John Lee , that included lectures and an exhibition of memorabilia and documents relating to the poem and song .
Sarbel , Greece 's 2007 entrant , also performed his entry " Yassou Maria " as well as the previously unheard single " Eho Trelathi " . The national final was streamed live on New Hellenic Television ( NET ) , ERT World , and the official websites of ERT and the Eurovision Song Contest . The whole show had a Las Vegas show girl theme . Despite a few small faults in the program , the production ran more smoothly than in 2007 . It lasted about two and a half hours and ERT 's broadcast topped the programs aired on February 27 by 45.9 % according to AGB Hellas ; it is estimated that 1.9 million viewers watched the show .
Linkin Park was founded in 1996 as the rap rock band , Xero : lead guitarist Brad Delson , vocalist and rhythm guitarist Mike Shinoda , drummer Rob Bourdon , turntablist Joe Hahn , lead vocalist Mark Wakefield and bassist Dave Farrell ( who was not with the band during this point to tour with Tasty Snax ) . In 1999 , after Wakefield 's departure , lead vocalist Chester Bennington joined the five members Xero and the band was renamed to Linkin Park . Bennington 's previous band , Grey Daze , had recently disbanded , so his lawyer recommended him to Jeff Blue , vice president of A & R coordination for Zomba , who at the time was seeking a lead vocalist for Xero .
In addition , an extensive permanent pumping system was installed to restore and maintain lake levels in Østmarka . Curing the leaks and cleaning up the contamination delayed the tunnel 's completion by a year , and it was finally opened on 22 August 1999 . The entire process was further complicated by conflicts between NSB Gardermobanen and the Scandinavian Rock Group . Retrospective surveys showed a lack of control and reporting procedures during the incidents , which should have been addressed in 1995 , but were never taken seriously . Compensation was paid for approximately 60 houses which were damaged as a result of tunnel construction .
He explained that rapid editing was necessary on account of the characters ' lack of facial expression , which made it difficult to sustain the viewer 's interest for more than a few seconds per shot . After viewing the completed 25 minute pilot , " Trapped in the Sky " , Lew Grade was so impressed by APF 's work that he instructed Anderson to double the episode length and increased the series ' budget per episode from £ 25,000 to £ 38,000 . As a result , Thunderbirds became not only the company 's longest and highest budgeted production , but also among the most expensive TV series to have been made up to that point .
The primary terrorist group in the film is the fictional group Black October , in reference to Black September . The film was shot in Israel and Lundgren stays at the famous King David Hotel . Although the film was not a major success , Robert Cettl in his 2009 book Terrorism in American cinema : an analytical filmography , 1960 – 2008 argues that the film reveals an alarmingly realist insight into US Middle Eastern politics and terrorism since the 2000s , dealing with an al Qaeda esque terrorist organization and the conspiracy theories that some believe the US government is using the Middle East as a cover up .
He promoted aggressive measures against the insurgents , and in so doing , he also sought to raise his own political profile . Clad in immaculately tailored battledress , he would fly by helicopter to a beleaguered army outpost ; wearing dark glasses and sporting a swagger stick , deliver a rousing speech for the benefit of the troops and the TV cameras – then return to Salisbury in time for dinner . He drew heavily on Winston Churchill 's oratory style for some of his inspiring speeches . As Minister of Defence , Van der Byl was known to join army counter insurgency operations while armed with a hunting rifle ( with the words " I 'd like to bag one of these chaps ... " ) , and would regularly visit army positions and entertain the troops with his own generous supply of " scotch whisky and fine wines .
Growing unrest in the Middle Colonies eventually led the region to become the meeting place for the Continental Congress , and a center for revolution . However , there were numerous pockets of neutrals and Loyalists . The Middle Colonies tended to mix aspects of the New England and Southern Colonies . Landholdings were generally farms of 40 to 160 acres ( 16 – 65 hectares ) , owned by the family that worked it . In New York 's Hudson Valley , however , the Dutch patroons operated very large landed estates and rented land to tenant farmers . Ethnically , the Middle Colonies were more diverse than the other British colonial regions in North America and tended to be more socially tolerant .
The mid season sale led to concerns about the Maroons : " The transfer of Dunlap to Detroit is a small thing in itself , but its bearing on the entire base ball world is so great as to almost revolutionize the present order of things . He was the king pin of the St. Louis Club and his sale makes a certainty of the dissolution of the Maroons . " The Detroit management was praised for their " pluck and enterprise " in making the bold " business stroke . " The Sporting News wrote at the time : " Dunlap has joined the Detroits and now that team will fly the League pennant just as sure as time flies and the world grows .
Not only do we not share that point of view , but we attest that , given our present knowledge of the case , nothing supports that conclusion . In fact , the reverse is true . " Enderlin responded to Leconte and Jeambar in January 2005 in Le Figaro . He thanked them for rejecting that the scene had been staged . He had reported that the shots were fired by the Israelis because , he wrote , he trusted the cameraman , who had worked for France 2 since 1988 . In the days following the shooting , other witnesses , including other journalists , offered some confirmation , he said .
The anterior end is not clearly defined as a head but contains the sense organs , brain and pharynx . Cilia are found around the mouth and on the ventral surface of the head and body . The trunk contains the gut and the reproductive organs . At the posterior end of the body are two projections with cement glands that serve in adhesion . This is a double gland system where one gland secretes the glue and another secretes a de adhesive agent to sever the connection . In the Macrodasyida , there are additional adhesive glands at the anterior end and on the sides of the body .
The next day , 25 November , Task Force Dolvin resumed its advance , with 51 Rangers of the Eighth Army Ranger Company continuing north on the 89th 's tanks . The troops immediately ran into Chinese resistance as they began to advance . On both flanks , Task Force Dolvin troops encountered sporadic resistance throughout the morning , but were able to capture their objectives . The Eighth Army Ranger Company rode the tanks a further 5 kilometers ( 3.1 mi ) north to Hill 205 . As the Rangers and tanks approached the hill they came under mortar and small arms fire , but were able to capture the hill after light Chinese resistance , suffering four wounded in the process .
Delphine meets with Sarah to ask if her young daughter , Kira , will donate her bone marrow to help cure Cosima 's illness , and Kira agrees . Meanwhile , Cosima works with her lab assistant Scott ( Josh Vokey ) and Rachel 's adoptive father Ethan ( Andrew Gillies ) , a founder scientist of the cloning program , to find the genetic sequence that has caused her illness . Rachel , who is usually stoic , laughs and sobs whilst watching home videos of her childhood , lamenting her own infertility . Disguised as Sarah , she tricks her way into the pediatric clinic where Kira is recovering and sedates Sarah 's foster brother Felix ( Jordan Gavaris ) .
The studio wanted a diversified cartoon portfolio , so despite the success of Puss Gets the Boot , Barbera and Hanna 's supervisor , Fred Quimby , did not want to produce more cat and mouse cartoons believing that there were already enough cartoons of those in existence . Surprised by the success of Puss Gets the Boot , Barbera and Hanna ignored Quimby 's resistance and continued developing the cat and mouse theme . By this time , however , Hanna wanted to return to working for Ising , to whom he felt very loyal . Barbera and Hanna met with Quimby , who discovered that although Ising had taken sole credit for producing Puss Gets the Boot , he never actually worked on it .
In 1978 , the motto was replaced with the team 's name , " Eastern Suburbs " . This name was kept until 1994 , when the club changed its playing name to the " Sydney City Roosters " for the start of the 1995 season to expand the club 's widening fan base . In 2000 , the club changed its name to the " Sydney Roosters " . Although marketing names have changed , the Roosters are still registered with the National Rugby League competition as the Eastern Suburbs District Rugby League Football Club . Red , white and blue have been the colours of every jersey design in the club 's history ; however , the jersey design has undergone several alterations .
The torpedo rooms held 12 torpedoes total , plus 12 naval defense miness . Her crew consisted of 1,042 officers and enlisted men . New York was laid down on 11 September 1911 in New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn . The New York class was constructed under new labor laws that limited the working hours of her construction crews . It was also stipulated that each ship cost less than $ 6,000,000 , excluding cost of armor and armament . She was launched on 30 October 1912 and commissioned on 15 May 1914 . The fifth ship to be named for New York State , she was sponsored by Elsie Calder , the daughter of New York politician William M. Calder .
In keeping with this tradition , the Cha Cha Slide , the Cupid Shuffle , and the Soulja Boy are always performed to their respective songs . DJ Willie " Casper " Perry created the song " Cha Cha Slide " in 1996 for a personal trainer in his hometown Chicago . It did not get commercial airplay until 2000 when Chicago radio station WGCI FM started playing the song as part of its rotation . Soon after , other radio stations across the United States also started playing the song , and this increase in popularity led to a record deal with Universal Music Group .
A national broadcast TV audience on ABC , NBC and CBS affiliate stations , as well as major independent TV stations , was desired by CBS / Epic Records to promote Thriller . The national broadcast TV premiere of the Thriller album 's first video , " Billie Jean " , was during the week of Halloween in October 1984 and was the idea of Video Concert Hall executive producers Charles Henderson and Jerry Crowe . Video Concert Hall , the first nationwide music video TV network , taped the one hour special in Hollywood and Atlanta , where the TV studios of Video Concert Hall were located .
Author Christine Geraghty asserts that Dot 's role in the mothering structure of the serial has been confirmed . Describing Dot , Brown has said , " I love playing her – she 's a strong character . Dear old Dot , she 's got strong moral views and odd religious beliefs , but her heart 's in the right place . She has that awful worried expression on her face the whole time " . Brown has noted the changes within Dot since the show 's inception , saying that initially Dot was sharp and selfish , but since her character remarried in 2002 , she has gained security and has " no reason to have the hypochondria she had in the past [ ... ] She 's become more caring over the years .
Barbosa insisted that this would not happen , continuing his support towards a military operation . On May 12 , 1898 , the United States Navy bombarded San Juan , initiating the Puerto Rican Campaign . Initially , the Liberal Party supported the Spanish government , although several members agreed with Barbosa . Muñoz Rivera took possession of Chief of the Cabinet 's position for the Autonomous Government on July 21 . Four days later , on July 25 , the United States Army landed in Guánica led by Nelson A. Miles , beginning the land offensive . On August 13 , the signing of the Treaty of Paris was made public , bringing a halt to all military offensives in Puerto Rico .
After Brooks pitched the episode , the script was written by Ken Keeler . Although David Mirkin was executive producer for most of the sixth season , the episode was executive produced by Al Jean and Mike Reiss . Jay Sherman 's appearance was Simpsonized : he was made yellow and given an overbite . The episode contains a meta reference to the fact that it is a crossover episode in a conversation Bart has with Sherman : [ Bart is watching television ] Announcer : Coming up next , The Flintstones meet The Jetsons . Bart : Uh oh .
Hepburn was delighted that Tracy was available for Woman of the Year , saying " I was just damned grateful he was willing to work with me . " The romantic comedy performed well at the box office and received strong reviews . William Boehnel wrote in the New York World Telegram , " To begin with , it has Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy in the leading roles . This in itself would be enough to make any film memorable . But when you get Tracy and Hepburn turning in brilliant performances to boot , you 've got something to cheer about .
The book was a response to Henry Fielding 's The History of Tom Jones , a Foundling , which parodied the morals presented in Richardson 's previous novels . The novel follows the story of Harriet Byron who is pursued by Sir Hargrave Pollexfen . After she rejects Pollexfen , he kidnaps her , and she is only freed when Sir Charles Grandison comes to her rescue . After his appearance , the novel focuses on his history and life , and he becomes its central figure . The novel incorporates an epistolary format similar to Richardson 's previous novels , Clarissa and Pamela .
" Party in the U.S.A. " was officially released for airplay on August 3 , 2009 , and as a digital download on August 11 , 2009 . " Party in the U.S.A. " is a song with a length of three minutes and 23 seconds . The song has been described as " reggae powered pop tune " . The song is set in common time and has a moderate tempo of 96 beats per minute . It is written in the key of F # major and Cyrus ' vocals span two octaves , from F # 3 to D # 5 .
Murray began his clay court season at the 2016 Monte Carlo Rolex Masters as the 2nd seed . Murray struggled in his second round match against Pierre Hugues Herbert but Murray came through in 3 sets . Murray struggled again in his third round match against 16th seed Benoît Paire as Murray was down a set and two breaks . Paire also served for the match in the third set but Murray still came through in 3 sets . Murray then defeated 10th seed Milos Raonic in straight sets in the quarterfinals . In the semifinals Murray lost to 5th seed and eventual champion Rafael Nadal despite winning the first set .
" Peter Bessell , eight years older than Thorpe , had a successful business career before entering Liberal politics in the 1950s . He came to the party 's attention in 1955 when , as the Liberal candidate in the Torquay by election , he substantially increased his party 's vote in the first of a series of impressive Liberal results during the 1955 – 59 parliament . He was subsequently selected as candidate for the more winnable constituency of Bodmin , and became both an admirer and personal friend of Thorpe , who in turn was impressed by Bessell 's apparent business acumen .
Although he could no longer bowl , Jardine would not let him leave the field while Bradman was still batting , believing that Larwood 's continuing presence represented a psychological threat . When Bradman was out , he and Larwood left the field together , although no words were exchanged . England won the match to secure a 4 – 1 series victory . The injury ended Larwood 's tour at that point . While the rest of the team fulfilled the final Australian fixtures before embarking on a short tour of New Zealand , Larwood returned to England on board SS Otranto .
Altgens had retired from the AP in 1979 after more than 40 years , rather than accept a transfer to a different bureau . He spent his later years working on display advertising for the Ford Motor Company and answering repeated requests for interviews made by assassination researchers . Though these researchers failed to convince him that the Warren Commission 's conclusion — that Oswald , acting alone , killed Kennedy — was wrong , he conceded that " there will always be some controversy about details surrounding the site and shooting of the president . " In November 1993 , Altgens took part in " Reporters Remember 11 22 63 " at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
Curtana 's inscription reveals that the sword has the same " temper as Joyeuse and Durendal . " Accordingly , some speculated before the release of Halo 3 whether the " smart " Cortana would follow Marathon 's Durandal in succumbing to rampancy , a concept invented by Bungie in which an AI character becomes insane by gaining too much knowledge . Cortana is constructed from the cloned brain of Dr. Catherine Elizabeth Halsey , the creator of the SPARTAN Project ; Halsey 's synaptic networks became the basis for Cortana 's processors . According to the Halo novels , Cortana is classified as a " smart " AI , meaning that her creative matrix is allowed to expand , in contrast to the limited matrix of other " dumb " AI characters in the stories .
Fifteen foot rangefinders were mounted on " A " and " B " turrets , the torpedo control tower abaft the mainmast , and the armoured hood . The fore top was equipped with a 12 foot ( 3.7 m ) rangefinder and the anti aircraft guns were controlled by a simple 6 foot 6 inch ( 1.98 m ) rangefinder mounted on the aft superstructure . Two 9 foot ( 2.7 m ) rangefinders were mounted on the bridge . The armour protection of the Renown class ships was similar to that of Indefatigable ; her waterline belt of Krupp cemented armour measured 6 inches ( 152 mm ) thick amidships .
Favorites Soviet Union boasted the silver medalists in the 100 m finals hosted several days earlier in backstroke and breaststroke ( Viktor Kuznetsov and Arsens Miskarovs respectively ) , while their butterflyer ( Yevgeny Seredin ) and freestyler ( Sergey Kopliakov ) had come fifth and fourth in their respective 100 m events . The British team included the 100 m breaststroke gold medallist ( Duncan Goodhew ) , and fifth place finisher in the 100 m backstroke ( Gary Abraham ) . Sweden 's butterflyer ( Pär Arvidsson ) and backstroker ( Bengt Baron ) had won their respective 100 m events , and their freestyle swimmer ( Per Holmertz ) had come second in the 100 m , while their lowest ranked swimmer , the breaststroker ( Peter Berggren ) , had come ninth in the 100 m event .
" During the 19th and 20th centuries , several scholars asserted that Asser 's biography of King Alfred was not authentic , but a forgery . A prominent claim was made in 1964 by the respected historian V.H. Galbraith in his essay " Who Wrote Asser 's Life of Alfred ? " Galbraith argued that there were anachronisms in the text that meant it could not have been written during Asser 's lifetime . For example , Asser uses " rex Angul Saxonum " ( " king of the Anglo Saxons " ) to refer to Alfred . Galbraith asserted that this usage does not appear until the late 10th century .
When this current interacts with the northeastern coast of South America , the current forks into two branches . One passes into the Caribbean Sea , while a second , the Antilles Current , flows north and east of the West Indies . These two branches rejoin north of the Straits of Florida . The trade winds blow westward in the tropics , and the westerlies blow eastward at mid latitudes . This wind pattern applies a stress to the subtropical ocean surface with negative curl across the north Atlantic Ocean . The resulting Sverdrup transport is equatorward . Because of conservation of potential vorticity caused by the northward moving winds on the subtropical ridge 's western periphery and the increased relative vorticity of northward moving water , transport is balanced by a narrow , accelerating poleward current , which flows along the western boundary of the ocean basin , outweighing the effects of friction with the western boundary current known as the Labrador current .
In 2014 , the specimens were described in the Nature journal by Lee , Barsbold , Currie , Yoshitsugu Kobayashi , Hang Jae Lee Lee , Godefroit , Escuillié , and Tsogtbaatar Chinzorig . A similar series of events was reported earlier in 2014 with Spinosaurus , another sail backed theropod which had only been known from few remains since 1912 . Poached remains were reunited with specimens obtained by scientists , and Spinosaurus was shown to have been quite different from other spinosaurids . The two cases showed that the lifestyle and appearance of incompletely known extinct animals cannot always be safely inferred from close relatives .
However , at Loie Fuller 's behest , the building was turned into a museum instead . Hill wished it to be dedicated in 1926 , and he conceived it as a monument to peace , to his wife Mary , and to Queen Marie herself . Marie agreed to come to America and witness the dedication , especially as Fuller was an old friend of hers . Fuller quickly put together a committee that supported Marie 's " tour " of America and arrangements were made for her departure . Marie viewed the tour as an opportunity to " see the country , meet the people and put Romania on the map " .
Their colour may vary , from grey to white , or in some cases red , green , or brown . Isopods vary in size , ranging from some Microcerberidae species of just 0.3 mm to the deep sea Bathynomus spp. of nearly 50 cm ( 20 in ) . Isopods lack an obvious carapace ( shell ) , which is reduced to a " cephalic shield " covering only the head . This means that the gill like structures , which in other related groups are protected by the carapace , are instead found on specialised limbs on the abdomen .
Routes 26 , 46 and 50 , which serve Hollingbury and Hollingdean northbound and Brighton city centre , Hove and Southwick southbound , run via Ditchling Road . Routes along London Road include the 5 ( Patcham to Hangleton ) and 56 ( Patcham to the Knoll Estate in Hove ) . Along Lewes Road , regular routes include 21 , 23 , 24 , 25 , 28 , 29 , 38 and 49 , serving places such as Sussex and Brighton Universities , Hove , Lewes , Uckfield , Tunbridge Wells , Moulsecoomb , Bevendean and Queen 's Park .
Most contemporary critics complimented the song , noticing the confidence it hides and the carnival esque , yet melancholy , theme . On the other hand , some considered it was not one of the album 's best tracks and it makes the singer a " theoretical pop princess " . The single peaked inside the top 40 of the charts of some European countries and Australia , while staying on the summit of the UK Singles Chart for two consecutive weeks and ended the year as the country 's 11th most successful song . It is also charted on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , where it was certified gold .
The compilation received generally positive reviews from music critics . Music journalist Robert Christgau gave a positive review , stating that Madonna " gleans goodies from the overrated Bedtime Stories and Ray of Light , mixes in the glorious soundtrack only ' Beautiful Stranger ' and the dismal soundtrack only ' Don 't Cry for Me Argentina ' , and hands it all over to Mirwais for sonic tweaking I 'm not interested enough to pin down " , while calling it as " an essential package " . A writer from the South Wales Echo gave a positive review , saying that GHV2 is " an essential pop album " and " truly immaculate " .
The anime received a mostly positive review from Bradley Meek THEM Anime Reviews . Bradley appreciated the animation , saying that " It does wonders for the mood in the series , adding a tangible layer of mysticism and fantasy . " However , he criticized the series being " cheesy and melodramatic more often than not . " He concluded the review saying , " Despite some laughable melodrama , the raw emotions and Shaft 's hypnotic animation makes ef ~ a tale of memories ~ a memorable romance . The plotting is slow , though , so it 's not for people with short attention spans .
Mike Perigard of the Boston Herald criticized the storylines involving the rapist as " just vile " . Joel McHale from E ! ' s weekly television series The Soup turned a scene in which Chad insisted he was " not gay " , despite his affair with Vincent , into a running gag by referring to the character as " Not Gay Chad " . During the show 's season five premiere , Charles Divins ( who was the principal actor to play Chad during the storylines focusing on the character 's sexuality ) made a cameo to explain to McHale that he was not his character and was neither dead nor gay .
( The same acquisitions later became part of the public scandal when he revisited them as COO and CEO in 2011 ) . He is given plausible reassurances and also promoted to run Olympus ' entire European business . He accepts 2011 1 April – Woodford appointed Olympus president and chief operating officer ( COO ) 10 July – Allegations of corporate irregularities surface in Facta , a Japanese magazine Three weeks 23 September to 11 October – After hearing of the allegations by email " from German colleagues " and unable to find satisfactory answers internally , Woodford writes several times to the board as CEO seeking answers , but is rebuffed or unsatisfied .
The steppe societies of Inner Asia , whose climate favoured a pastoral economy , stood in stark contrast to the Chinese mode of development . As animal herds are migratory by nature , communities could not afford to be stationary and therefore evolved as nomads . According to the influential Mongolist Owen Lattimore this lifestyle proved to be incompatible with the Chinese economic model . As the steppe population grew , pastoral agriculture alone could not support the population , and tribal alliances needed to be maintained by material rewards . For these needs , the nomads had to turn to the settled societies to get grains , metal tools , and luxury goods , which they could not produce by themselves .
Perhaps if he had lived he could have done no more . " Rutkow writes , " James Abram Garfield 's presidency is reduced to a tantalizing ' what if . ' " Peskin believes Garfield deserves more credit for his political career than he has received : True , his accomplishments were neither bold nor heroic , but his was not an age that called for heroism . His stormy presidency was brief and , and in some respects , unfortunate , but he did leave the office stronger than he found it . As a public man he had a hand in almost every issue of national importance for almost two decades , while as a party leader he , along with Blaine , forged the Republican Party into the instrument that would lead the United States into the twentieth century .
Although the incident was resolved without violence , Dunmore , fearing for his personal safety , left Williamsburg in June 1775 and placed his family on board a Royal Navy ship . He then assembled a small British fleet at Norfolk , a port town whose merchants had significant Loyalist ( Tory ) tendencies . The threat posed by this fleet may have played a role in minimizing Whig activity in the town . Incidents continued between Whigs on one side and Tories on the other until October , when Dunmore had acquired enough military support to begin operations , and the rebellious Whigs had accumulated a significant body of men at Williamsburg .
A native of Virginia , he was the son of a prominent Methodist minister , and was himself ordained as a minister after earning his bachelor 's degree and master 's degree . He later earned a second master 's degree and his doctorate . After teaching for several years , Sledd was chosen to be the last president of the University of Florida at Lake City , from 1904 to 1905 , and the first president of the modern University of Florida ( first known as the " University of the State of Florida " ) , from 1905 to 1909 .
Formed out of a 1944 alliance of the Minnesota Democratic and Farmer Labor parties , its distinction from the national Democratic Party , while still official , is now but a technicality . The state has had active third party movements . The Reform Party , now the Independence Party , was able to elect former mayor of Brooklyn Park and professional wrestler Jesse Ventura to the governorship in 1998 . The Independence Party has received enough support to keep major party status . The Green Party , while no longer having major party status , has a large presence in municipal government , notably in Minneapolis and Duluth , where it competes directly with the DFL party for local offices .
Correlations with handedness and birth order have also been reported for male homosexuality , possibly indicating that it has a similar origin . Non measurement in some areas of sexual orientation is accepted by the American Psychological Association , the American Psychiatric Association , and the National Association of Social Workers : " [ S ] imply to document that a phenomenon occurs , case studies and non probability samples are often adequate ... Some groups are sufficiently few in number – relative to the entire population – that locating them with probability sampling is extremely expensive or practically impossible .
Epidural corticosteroid injections provide a slight and questionable short term improvement in those with sciatica but are of no long term benefit . There are also concerns of potential side effects . Surgery may be useful in those with a herniated disc that is causing significant pain radiating into the leg , significant leg weakness , bladder problems , or loss of bowel control . It may also be useful in those with spinal stenosis . In the absence of these issues , there is no clear evidence of a benefit from surgery . Discectomy ( the partial removal of a disc that is causing leg pain ) can provide pain relief sooner than nonsurgical treatments .
" Gonzalez gave " Light Up the World " a " B + " , but said it sounded a " bit too much " like " Loser Like Me " , and while Benigno thought it had a better melody than " Loser " and also made " much better use of the Gleeks as a whole " , he criticized the chorus for its similarity to " Let It Rock " by Kevin Rudolf . Semigran said it was an " uplifting , if not rather lackluster pop song " , yet Hankinson called it his favorite number in the episode .
This last section , running over the local authority 's rails , connected Grand Quevilly ( Rue de l ’ Église ) and , on a branch , the district of Petit Quevilly ( opened 1 August 1915 ) . The network had grown to its largest , with 70 km ( 43 mi ) of routes ( including the tramway of Bonsecours ) . World War I did not affect tram service in Rouen as much as it did elsewhere . After a short period of disruption during the great August 1914 mobilisation , the CTR maintained normal service during the four years of war .
Following this , tamp the surface with pestles or stamp with feet randomly to even out the surface . Every five cun layer of earth should be compressed to three cun ; every three cun layer of brick and stone to one and a half cun . Rammed earth walls during this time were tapered : the thickness of the wall is greatest at the base and decreases steadily with increasing height , as detailed in Li Jie 's book . During the Song dynasty , the city of Bianjing had three enclosures : the outer city wall , the inner city wall , and the palace at the center .
Krusty even gets musician Sting to join other celebrities in recording a charity single , " We 're Sending Our Love Down the Well " . However , Lisa catches Bart in the act and reminds him he put a label with his name on the radio . Bart falls into the well while trying to retrieve it after Eddie and Lou unintentionally untie his rope . When the townspeople find him , he admits that Timmy O 'Toole does not exist . Angry at being tricked , the townspeople leave Bart in the well . After this , " We 're Sending Our Love Down The Well " dramatically falls off the number one spot all the way down to 97 , supplanted at number one by " I Do Believe We 're Naked " by Funky C , Funky Do .
For example , as historian Władysław Czapliński describes in the Sejm of 1611 context , some resolutions were struck down , but others passed . From the mid 17th century onward , however , an objection to any item of Sejm legislation from a deputy or senator automatically caused other , earlier adopted legislation to be rejected . This was because all legislation adopted by a given Sejm formed a whole . It is commonly , and erroneously , believed that a Sejm was first disrupted by means of liberum veto by a Trakai deputy , Władysław Siciński , in 1652 .
" Zhao Chu , a writer decried the one child policy as a " profit oriented activity that everyone hates , " writing " this is not about enforcing the policy , it is about depriving someone ’ s right to live . " Liang Jianzhang , chief executive of Ctrip , called Feng 's case " outrageous and violent " and " not unique to Shaanxi , " saying that " abolition of the absurd family planning policy is the only way to root out this kind of evil . " Local newspaper Hua Shang Bao ran a story on Feng.On June 12 , human rights activist Huang Qi also posted the story and images .
The outer surface bears usually eight comb rows , called swimming plates , which are used for swimming . The rows are oriented to run from near the mouth ( the " oral pole " ) to the opposite end ( the " aboral pole " ) , and are spaced more or less evenly around the body , although spacing patterns vary by species and in most species the comb rows extend only part of the distance from the aboral pole towards the mouth . The " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
" In July 1974 , Kennedy was sold to Liverpool for a club record £ 200,000 . Manager Bill Shankly resigned on the same day as the transfer was made , though had admired Kennedy for years and stated that " maybe it will be said that one of the last things I did at this club was to sign a great new player " . Shortly after the move Kennedy got back in touch with his estranged wife , and the pair began living together in Ainsdale . New manager Bob Paisley handed Kennedy his debut in place of John Toshack against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on 31 August 1974 , and it took Kennedy just 22 minutes to open his goalscoring account as the Reds went on to record a comfortable 3 – 0 win .
The Evil Dead developed a substantial cult following throughout the years , and has often been cited as a defining cult classic . The Evil Dead has spawned a media empire . A video game adaptation of the same name was for the Commodore 64 in 1984 , as was a trilogy of PlayStation and PlayStation 2 games in the 1990s : Evil Dead : Hail to the King , Evil Dead : A Fistful of Boomstick and Evil Dead : Regeneration . Ted Raimi did voices for the trilogy , and Campbell returned as the voice of Ash . The character Ash became the main character of a comic book franchise .
Additionally , the soundtrack was popular for bringing popular J pop artists such as Nami Tamaki and T.M. Revolution to perform the theme songs . The casting of many talented voice actors , such as Rie Tanaka , Seki Tomokazu and Houko Kuwashima , provided the emotional depth in scenes that required it . The English dub was reviewed favorably for the most part but comparisons between the English and original Japanese dubbing revealed weaknesses in the portrayal of the characters . The sixteenth episode of Gundam SEED features a scene in which Kira Yamato is seen dressing after getting out of a bed where the teenage girl Flay Allster lies sleeping naked , suggesting a sexual relationship .
Blanket bogs formed on sites where Neolithic farmers cleared trees for farming . As the land so cleared fell into disuse , the soil began to leach and become more acidic , producing a suitable environment for the growth of heather and rushes . The debris from these plants accumulated and a layer of peat formed . One of the largest expanses of Atlantic blanket bog in Ireland is to be found in County Mayo . Raised bogs are most common in the Shannon basin . They formed when depressions left behind after the ice age filled with water to form lakes .
The other two midgets followed at twenty minute intervals and were similarly delayed . The choice of targets was left up to the midget commanders , with advice that they should primarily target aircraft carriers or battleships , with cruisers as secondary targets . The midgets were to operate to the east of the Harbour Bridge , although if no suitable targets were to be found in this area they were to move under the Bridge and attack a battleship and large cruiser believed to be in the inner harbour . When the second reconnaissance flyover revealed that the expected British battleship — HMS Warspite — was nowhere to be found , USS Chicago became the priority target .
As part of these , Earl William was given the manor of Conisbrough , which had previously been owned by the late Harold Godwinson . The manor took its name from the Anglo Saxon name for the settlement , Cyningesburh , meaning " the king 's fortress " , and formed a large estate comprising 28 townships , centred on an Anglo Saxon fortified burh at Conisbrough itself . William built his castle on a rocky Magnesian Limestone spur surrounded by steep banks , and the fortification included a motte , an inner bailey protected by an earth bank and palisades , an outer bailey , and possibly a timber keep .
The fourth series premiere did not fare as well , with fewer than 500,000 viewers . The viewership of the on demand video offerings for Meerkat Manor grew 20 % in September 2007 , when Discovery offered each third series episode , video capsules of series one and two , top ten moments from the show , and a memorial sequence for Flower . Building on the success of Meerkat Manor 's unique format , Animal Planet commissioned two similarly formatted programmes : Orangutan Island , which focuses on a group of orphaned orangutans at the Nyaru Menteng Orangutan Rescue and Rehabilitation Center , and Lemur Street , which looks at the lives of two rival gangs of ring tailed lemurs in Madagascar .
Bill Lamp for About.com gave it a positive review , labeling it " a mega power ballad " . Frank Bruni for The New York Times commented that the song " proclaims that she ’ s " far from over " . Tina Mrazik for Associated Content labelled it " ultimate " , while Ann Hornaday for The Washington Post picked " You Haven 't Seen the Last of Me " as well as " Bound to You " are the two power ballads that " lands with such powerful force " . Alissa LeClair for the website Movie Buzzers called the song is " Cher 's peak " throughout the movie and " conveys how important Cher is both on screen and on the music charts , transcending any previous doubts that Cher was no longer relevant in her sixty fourth year " .
The film director is unknown , but it may have been Barry O 'Neil . Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production , but at least two possible candidates exist . Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company , but he was soon joined by Carl Louis Gregory who had years of experience as a still and motion picture photographer . The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions . The only role in the cast which is known is for Marie Eline as the little girl . The other cast credits are unknown , but many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary .
She had a beam of 15.5 m ( 50 ft 10 in ) and a draft of 5.2 m ( 17 ft 1 in ) . Her longitudinally framed hull was subdivided by 15 transverse watertight bulkheads . Duralumin was extensively used in the superstructure to save weight , but this resulted in corrosion problems and strength issues . She was fitted with a single counterbalanced rudder powered by an electric motor that was too weak for the job . Her turning circle was 875 m ( 957 yd ) with 25 ° of rudder at 27 kn ( 50 km / h ; 31 mph ) , larger than that of the 8,000 t ( 7,900 long tons ) light cruiser Duguay Trouin which was 30 m ( 98 ft 5 in ) longer .
Lee was charged with drug trafficking and importation offences and appeared in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on 13 February 2006 , the same day the first of the nine accused in Indonesia learned of their fate . Lee was bailed to reappear in court with the five others on 3 April 2006 . Keelty told a Senate estimates committee hearing that more arrests were expected . Details of previous criminal convictions of some of the accused were not published during the trial to avoid harming legal defences in Indonesia . Once the Denpasar District court reached guilty verdicts and issued sentences it was reported in the Australian media that members of the group had been convicted of offences in Australia before their arrests in Indonesia .
The completion of the lake finally laid the platform for the development of Griffin 's Parliamentary Triangle . Since the initial construction of the lake , various buildings of national importance have been constructed on its shores . The newly built Australian National University was expanded , and sculptures and monuments were built . A new National Library was constructed within the Parliamentary Triangle , followed by the High Court and the National Gallery . Suburbs in Canberra Central ( often referred to as North Canberra and South Canberra ) were further developed in the 1950s , and urban development in the districts of Woden Valley and Belconnen commenced in the mid and late 1960s respectively .
Frozen was nominated for various awards and won a number of them , including several for Best Animated Feature . The song " Let It Go " was particularly praised . The film was nominated for two Golden Globes at the 71st Golden Globe Awards and won for Best Animated Feature , becoming the first Walt Disney Animation Studios film to win in this category . It also won two Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song ( " Let It Go " ) , the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film at the British Academy Film Awards ( BAFTA ) , five Annie Awards ( including Best Animated Feature ) , and two Critics ' Choice Awards for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song ( " Let It Go " ) .
In late November 2003 , CMLL held an eight team , three week tournament to crown new champions . Most of the teams in the tournament had not teamed up on a regular basis prior to the show , except for Los Nuevo Infernales . In the end , the team of El Felino , Safari and Volador Jr . , who was paired up for the tournament , defeated Alan Stone , Super Crazy , and Zumbido to win the titles . Tournament brackets On December 19 , 2009 , it was announced by the Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre Mexico D.F. that Poder Mexica had been stripped of the Mexican National Trios Championship because Black Warrior had left CMLL , breaking up the team .
Soon afterward , Hendrix relocated to the city 's Greenwich Village and began a residency at the Cafe Wha ? fronting his own band , Jimmy James and the Blue Flames . Keith recommended Hendrix to Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham and producer Seymour Stein . They failed to see Hendrix 's musical potential , and rejected him . She then referred him to Chas Chandler , who was leaving the Animals and interested in managing and producing artists . Chandler liked the Billy Roberts song " Hey Joe " , and was convinced he could create a hit single with the right artist .
On February 24 , 2013 , Rowland co hosted the Academy Awards pre show for the 85th Academy Awards alongside Kristin Chenoweth , Lara Spencer , Robin Roberts and Jess Cagle . In May 2013 , it was announced that Rowland would replace Britney Spears as a judge on The X Factor USA for its third and final season , joining Simon Cowell , Demi Lovato and fellow new judge Paulina Rubio . Later that month , Rowland performed as a supporting headlining act at the RiverFest 2013 in Little Rock , Arkansas . Rowland embarked on the Lights Out Tour , a co headlining tour with The Dream , to promote her fourth studio album Talk a Good Game .
Alabama scored their first points early in the second quarter on a one yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Trent Richardson to take a 7 – 3 lead at the half . Both teams traded touchdowns in the third . The Tigers scored first on a 75 yard Rueben Randle reception from Jordan Jefferson , and the Crimson Tide responded with a five yard Mark Ingram touchdown run . LSU scored 14 fourth quarter points to secure the victory with a pair of Jasper field goals and a one yard Stevan Ridley touchdown run and a successful two point conversion .
The term érablé , referring to maple leaves , is often used in Canadian arms . For example , as a tressure érablé in the arms of the Monarchist League of Canada , coronets érablé in the arms of Sudbury and Canada 's National History Society , and as a partition much like engrailed or dancetty . Canadian animals and birds , both real and fantastical , have also been widely used in arms , including the mythical raven bears in the arms of the Canadian Heraldic Authority . In both the English and the Scottish systems of heraldry , from which the Canadian draws many of its practices , a woman does not inherit or transmit arms unless she is an heraldic heiress , that is , a daughter of an armiger who has no sons .
Serving as a sergeant during the First World War , Statton was awarded the Victoria Cross in 1918 following his assault on four German machine guns . With three men , Statton rushed the posts armed with only a revolver and succeeded in capturing the first gun . Moving to the second , he killed the crew of five himself before the two remaining gun crews were forced to retreat . Born in Tasmania , Statton was married and working as a farmer when he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force during 1916 . Posted to the 40th Battalion , he was shipped to England where he spent three months training .
In 1931 Jack L. Warner announced that his studio would stop making them , and that he had never let his 15 year old son see one . Warner Brothers 28 ‑ year ‑ old head of production Darryl F. Zanuck decided to make a gangster picture in 1930 after one of his close friends was killed by a bootlegger . He purchased the rights to the novel Little Caesar by Chicago reporter W. R. Burnett for $ 15,000 . Burnett had penned the gangster story after seeing the aftermath of the Capone ordered Saint Valentine 's Day massacre . Generally considered the grandfather of gangster films , in Caesar , Robinson as Rico , and his close friend Joe Massara ( played by Douglas Fairbanks , Jr .
Mares and stallions from non KMSHA parents may not be registered in the main studbook , unless the parents are registered with the Rocky Mountain Horse Association , Mountain Pleasure Horse Association or Kentucky Naturally Gaited Horse Association . Geldings from unregistered parents may be registered if they otherwise meet breed standards . Mares from unregistered parents may be registered as " Appendix " ; their colts must be gelded , but resultant fillies may be registered as full Kentucky Mountain Saddle Horses . The Spotted Mountain Horse studbook is still open to all unregistered horses who otherwise meet breed standards .
The population of the area remained low , and the primary income source remained the carriage of goods to and from farms . Between 1899 and 1910 other lines were built in the area , providing more direct services to London and the north of England . The Brill Tramway went into financial decline . In 1933 the Metropolitan Railway became the Metropolitan line of London Transport . The Brill Tramway became part of the London Underground , despite Quainton Road being 40 miles ( 64 km ) from London and not underground . London Transport aimed to concentrate on electrification and improvement of passenger services in London and saw little possibility that routes in Buckinghamshire could become viable passenger routes .
Slavery remained the defining issue in the state for the decades to follow . In these early decades , although the legislature did not encourage free blacks to settle here , it extended suffrage to them . The first major event in the territory was the resumption of hostilities with the Indians . Unhappy with their treatment since the peace of 1795 , the native tribes , led by the Shawnee Chief Tecumseh and his brother Tenskwatawa , formed a coalition against the Americans . Tecumseh 's War started in 1811 when General William Henry Harrison led his army to rebuff aggressive movements of Tecumseh 's confederation .
It connects the nation 's capital , Zagreb , to the city of Varaždin and to Budapest , Hungary via the Goričan border crossing . The motorway represents a major north – south transportation corridor in Croatia and is a part of European routes E65 and E71 . The A4 motorway route also follows Pan European corridor Vb . Apart from Zagreb and Varaždin , the A4 motorway runs near a number of Croatian cities , and connects to the rest of the Croatian motorway network east of Zagreb . The motorway route was completed in 2008 . The motorway 's national significance is reflected in the positive economic impact on the cities and towns it connects , as well as its importance to tourism in Croatia .
Fortunately for the Empire , news of a rebellion in the Caliphate forced al Mu 'tasim to withdraw soon after . At the same time , Theophilos had to deal with a revolt by Theophobos and his Kurds . When rumours of Theophilos 's death reached the capital , the name of Theophobos , who was related to the Emperor by marriage and apparently an iconodule , was put forward by some as the new emperor . On returning to the city , Theophilos recalled his general , but the latter , fearful of being punished , fled with his loyal Kurds to Sinope , where he was proclaimed emperor .
This loss of access coupled with the fact that the Panama Canal was not yet open , caused American Hawaiian to return in late April to its historic route of sailing around South America via the Straits of Magellan . With the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August , American Hawaiian ships switched to taking that route . In October 1915 , landslides closed the Panama Canal and all American Hawaiian ships , including Panaman , returned to the Straits of Magellan route again . Panaman 's exact movements from this time through early 1917 are unclear . She may have been in the half of the American Hawaiian fleet that was chartered for transatlantic service .
New York magazine writer Steve Kandell said " Park Safety " continued an ongoing development of the mythology of the Pawnee community , comparing it to " a live action Springfield " , the setting of the animated comedy series The Simpsons . Kandell said Samberg 's character " could have been irritating but somehow wasn 't " . Matt Fowler of IGN called Jerry 's presentation " one of the best , most pointed moments of crude humor that we 've ever seen on the show " . Fowler also said Swanson 's expertise in self defense " fits perfectly " to his character .
Warren stated that asking children to interrupt Fatt 's slumber helped them build confidence and to feel more in control of their lives . Fatt was the only original member of The Wiggles without a background in early childhood education ; he explained that was the reason falling asleep was chosen as his gimmick and that " it was a way of getting me involved in the shows without actually having to do anything " . Paul Field reported that children in The Wiggles ' audience felt " great excitement " and were disappointed if not given the opportunity to help Jeff in this way .
In 1947 , the King and his family toured Southern Africa . The Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa , Jan Smuts , was facing an election and hoped to make political capital out of the visit . George was appalled , however , when instructed by the South African government to shake hands only with whites , and referred to his South African bodyguards as " the Gestapo " . Despite the tour , Smuts lost the election the following year , and the new government instituted a strict policy of racial segregation . The stress of the war had taken its toll on the King 's health , exacerbated by his heavy smoking and subsequent development of lung cancer among other ailments , including arteriosclerosis and thromboangiitis obliterans .
The DC Universe was the official setting of the series , but well known DC characters and places were rarely featured after 1990 . A notable exception is Lyta Hall , formerly Fury of the 1980s super team Infinity , Inc . , who figures prominently in the " Kindly Ones " story arc , and her superhuman abilities are not ignored . Most of the storylines take place in modern times , but many short stories are set in the past , taking advantage of the immortal nature of many of the characters , and deal with historical individuals and events such as in the short story " Men of Good Fortune .
She and Miller split their time between their apartment in New York and an eighteenth century farmhouse they purchased in Roxbury , Connecticut , and spent the summer in Amagansett , Long Island . She became pregnant in mid 1957 , but it was ectopic and had to be terminated . She suffered a miscarriage a year later . Her gynecological problems were largely caused by endometriosis , a disease from which she suffered throughout her adult life . Monroe was also briefly hospitalized during this time due to a barbiturate overdose . During the hiatus , she dismissed Greene from MMP and bought his share of the company as they could not settle their disagreements and she had begun to suspect that he was embezzling money from the company .
In 2000 , the open pit mines at Viivikonna , Sirgala and Narva were merged into the single Narva open pit mine . Since 2003 , several new mines were opened : the Põhja Kiviõli open pit mine in 2003 , the Ubja open pit mine in 2005 , and the Ojamaa underground mine in 2010 . By 2006 , after 90 years of major mining in Estonia , the total amount of mined oil shale reached one billion tonnes . The exhausted Aidu open pit mine was closed in 2012 , followed a year later by the Viru underground mine .
Sayf al Dawla 's patronage of poets had a useful political dividend too : it was part of a court poet 's duty to his patron to celebrate him in his work , and poetry helped spread the influence of Sayf al Dawla and his court far across the Muslim world . If Sayf al Dawla paid special favour to poets , his court contained scholars versed in religious studies , history , philosophy and astronomy as well , so that , as S. Humphreys comments , " in his time Aleppo could certainly have held its own with any court in Renaissance Italy " .
Heidenreich began to attack the Undertaker , covered his mouth with a soaked rag filled with chloroform . Heidenreich placed the Undertaker into the hearse and drove off . Inside the hearse , a camera was inside the hearse to show the Undertaker wake up and jump out and attack Heidenreich . JBL recovered , and swung his arm forward while running towards the Undertaker , a move JBL calls Clothesline from Hell , and helped Heidenreich place the Undertaker back into the hearse to be driven away . Backstage , Paul Heyman drove the hearse to the parking lot , where Heidenreich drove his car into it at high speed , causing an inexplicable explosion .
The building is divided into offices from 250 square feet ( 23 m2 ) to 6,000 square feet ( 560 m2 ) in size , and primarily serves independent professional firms . It was listed for sale in 2007 . The north half is an unornamented vertical mass of purple brown brick , flaring gently out at the base and top , with vertically continuous bay windows projecting out . The south half is vertically divided by brickwork at the base and rises to a large copper cornice at the roof . Projecting window bays in both halves allow large exposures of glass , giving the building an open appearance despite its mass .
When the wake up call was issued to the crew for their final day in space by CAPCOM Tony England , it was about 45,000 nautical miles ( 83,000 km ) out from Earth , traveling just over 9,000 ft / s ( 2,700 m / s ) . Just over three hours before splashdown in the Pacific Ocean , the crew performed a final course correction burn , changing their velocity by 1.4 ft / s ( 0.43 m / s ) . Approximately ten minutes before reentry into Earth 's atmosphere , the cone shaped Command Module containing the three crewmembers separated from the Service Module , which would burn up during reentry .
Bede wrote some works designed to help teach grammar in the abbey school . One of these was his De arte metrica , a discussion of the composition of Latin verse , drawing on previous grammarians work . It was based on Donatus ' De pedibus and Servius ' De finalibus , and used examples from Christian poets as well as Virgil . It became a standard text for the teaching of Latin verse during the next few centuries . Bede dedicated this work to Cuthbert , apparently a student , for he is named " beloved son " in the dedication , and Bede says " I have laboured to educate you in divine letters and ecclesiastical statutes " Another textbook of Bede 's is the De orthographia , a work on orthography , designed to help a medieval reader of Latin with unfamiliar abbreviations and words from classical Latin works .
Reviews for season 3 of House of Cards were mostly positive . However , a few critics found the Underwood character was becoming repetitive : the critical consensus on the review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes held that , " Season three introduces intriguing new political and personal elements to Frank Underwood 's character , even if it feels like more of the same for some . " Ed Power of The Daily Telegraph wrote , " Everyone in House of Cards has an agenda - a secret twitching in the attic . The thrill , and the horror , may lie in the degree to which we catch reflections of real life in its dark , cool contours .
Some terraces , semi detached houses and villas , survive from the Victorian period , although many of the larger houses have been converted into flats . Many semi detached houses survive from the 1930s , when there was a need for new housing in the town as a result of a growing population and an increasingly wealthy middle class . Interspersed with these older structures are newer housing developments , such as the estates built in Ashton upon Mersey and the east of Sale during the 1970s . As of the 2001 UK census , Sale had a population of 55,234 .
Cortical spreading depression , or spreading depression according to Leão , is bursts of neuronal activity followed by a period of inactivity , which is seen in those with migraines with an aura . There are a number of explanations for its occurrence including activation of NMDA receptors leading to calcium entering the cell . After the burst of activity the blood flow to the cerebral cortex in the area affected is decreased for two to six hours . It is believed that when depolarization travels down the underside of the brain , nerves that sense pain in the head and neck are triggered .
Proserpina 's temperament anticipates the character Poppea in the later opera ; likewise Pachino may be a forerunner for Ottone , while some of the discourses in Proserpina have the rhetorical flavour of those between Nerone and Seneca in L 'incoronazione . Redlich records that in 1644 , the year following Monteverdi 's death , Proserpina rapita was added to the repertory of Venice 's Teatro San Moisè , but he provides no details of performances . A second edition of the libretto was published in Venice in that year . ( English : " The Marriage of Aeneas to Lavinia " ) In the three years before his death in 1643 , Monteverdi composed a trilogy of operas for the Venetian opera theatres following the opening in 1637 of the Teatro San Cassiano .
Candidates for high office did not personally campaign in those days , but as state Republican chairman , Arthur played a part in the campaign in his usual fashion : overseeing the effort in New York and raising money . The funds were crucial in the close election , and winning his home state of New York was critical . The Republicans carried New York by 20,000 votes and , in an election with the largest turnout of qualified voters ever recorded — 78.4 % — they won the nationwide popular vote by just 7,018 votes . The electoral college result was more decisive — 214 to 155 — and Garfield and Arthur were elected .
At the end of the 1940s a boom in science fiction magazines encouraged Pines to issue a new magazine , titled Fantastic Story Quarterly , as a vehicle for reprinting this older material , with the first issue dated Spring 1950 . It was successful enough for Pines to add another reprint magazine , Wonder Story Annual , later that year . Pines ' plan was to use the new magazine to reprint novels , with only a few short stories included to fill out the magazine . The first issue was dated 1950 and appeared in the summer of that year .
Drowned World Tour became the highest grossing concert tour of 2001 by a solo artist , as well as the fourth highest grossing among all , behind U2 , NSYNC , and the Backstreet Boys . Drowned World received the Major Tour of the Year and Most Creative Stage Production awards nominations at the 2001 Pollstar Awards , but lost them to U2 . The concert was recorded on August 26 , 2001 , and broadcast live on HBO from The Palace of Auburn Hills in Auburn Hills , Michigan , watched by a crowd of 17,000 . Known as Madonna Live !
But with the Gator Bowl ( second pick of Big East teams ) selecting Notre Dame instead of a Big East team , all the Big East 's selections were pushed back one slot . Second place West Virginia University was pushed to the Continental Tire Bowl ( third pick ) and third place Pittsburgh was selected by the Insight Bowl ( fourth pick ) , leaving Virginia Tech to be selected by the San Francisco Bowl with the fifth pick . On the day prior to the game , spread bettors favored Virginia Tech to win by 11.5 points .
He also said that " it 's a debut from a band that shows potential but haven 't yet achieved it . " NME 's Edwin Pouncey said that the album was the " biggest , baddest sound that Sub Pop have so far managed to unearth . So primitive that they manage to make label mates Mudhoney sound like Genesis , Nirvana turn up the volume and spit and claw their way to the top of the musical garbage heap " , and gave it an eight out of ten rating . Bleach was considered by Rolling Stone as " a moderate hit on college radio and the underground / DIY circuit .
Only limited damage was caused to the convoy and no ships were sunk . After this , due to the withdrawal of the only Allied naval presence in the area – Arunta and Tasman – an RAAF tender was sent to act as a picket in the bay , ready to provide early warning of the approaching Japanese . Meanwhile , earlier in the day , Clowes decided to shorten his lines and passed the order for D Company , 61st Infantry Battalion , which had been sent to Akioma in the east , to withdraw back behind ' B ' Company at KB Mission and reposition itself at the No. 3 Airstrip at Gili Gili .
The inclusion of ILUC in the proposed ruling provoked complaints from ethanol and biodiesel producers . Several environmental organizations welcomed the inclusion of ILUC but criticized the consideration of a 100 year payback scenario , arguing that it underestimated land conversion effects . American corn growers , biodiesel producers , ethanol producers and Brazilian sugarcane ethanol producers complained about EPA 's methodology , while the oil industry requested an implementation delay . On June 26 , 2009 , the House of Representatives approved the American Clean Energy and Security Act 219 to 212 , mandating EPA to exclude ILUC for a 5 year period , vis a vis RFS2 .
The Spiders faced the Baltimore Orioles in the Temple Cup , a precursor to the World Series , in 1895 . Young won three games in the series and Cleveland won the Cup , four games to one . It was around this time that Young added what he called a " slow ball " to his pitching repertoire to reduce stress on his arm . The pitch today is called a changeup . In 1896 , Young lost a no hitter with two outs in the ninth inning when Ed Delahanty of the Philadelphia Phillies hit a single . On September 18 , 1897 , Young pitched the first no hitter of his career in a game against the Cincinnati Reds .
Johnson also believed that every character in Shakespeare represents a " type " or " species " , whereas Hazlitt , siding with Pope , emphasised the individuality of Shakespeare 's characters , while discussing them more comprehensively than anyone had yet done . Rather than an English critic , it was the German August Wilhelm Schlegel , whose lectures on the drama had recently been translated into English , whom Hazlitt believed to be the greatest critic of Shakespeare 's plays . Hazlitt here includes long extracts from Schlegel on Shakespeare , differing with him principally with respect to what he called a " mysticism " that appears in Schlegel 's interpretations .
Built in 1862 to house the rector of the parish of Borley and his family , it was badly damaged by fire in 1939 and demolished in 1944 . The large Gothic style rectory in the village of Borley had been alleged to be haunted ever since it was built . These reports multiplied suddenly in 1929 , after the Daily Mirror published an account of a visit by paranormal researcher Harry Price , who wrote two books supporting claims of paranormal activity . The uncritical acceptance of Price 's reports prompted a formal study by the Society for Psychical Research ( SPR ) , which rejected most of the sightings as either imagined or fabricated and cast doubt on Price 's credibility .
Ariel has a complex surface consisting of extensive cratered terrain cross cut by a system of scarps , canyons , and ridges . The surface shows signs of more recent geological activity than other Uranian moons , most likely due to tidal heating . Discovered on 24 October 1851 by William Lassell , it is named for a sky spirit in Alexander Pope 's The Rape of the Lock and Shakespeare 's The Tempest . Both Ariel and the slightly larger Uranian satellite Umbriel were discovered by William Lassell on 24 October 1851 . Although William Herschel , who discovered Uranus 's two largest moons Titania and Oberon in 1787 , claimed to have observed four additional moons , this was never confirmed and those four objects are now thought to be spurious .
At the entrance to the tomb the kerbs sweep inwards to form a pair of deep protrusions , or horns , forming a narrow bell shaped forecourt . A straight central passageway ( or gallery ) , 21 feet ( 6 m ) long by 3 feet ( 1 m ) wide , orientated north – south , leads from the forecourt into the cairn . Each side of the passageway is lined with thin limestone slabs known as orthostats , placed on end and up to 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) high with a coursed dry stone infill between the slabs .
Maddox declared science fiction obsolete in his essay " Fictional Reality " and was roundly criticized in the blogosphere , most notably by Scientific American 's J.R. Minkel . Maddox wrote that " fiction — all fiction — finally became obsolete as a delivery system for big ideas " as a result of the " scarcity of foreseeable future " , citing the decline of author Michael Crichton 's work as evidence . Minkel lambasted Maddox and pointed to author Neal Stephenson 's cutting edge work as proof to the contrary , venturing that " science fiction writers can dictate the future if they have the vim and vision " .
Although Cleveland had condemned the " outrages " against Chinese immigrants , he believed that Chinese immigrants were unwilling to assimilate into white society . Secretary of State Thomas F. Bayard negotiated an extension to the Chinese Exclusion Act , and Cleveland lobbied the Congress to pass the Scott Act , written by Congressman William Lawrence Scott , which prevented the return of Chinese immigrants who left the United States . The Scott Act easily passed both houses of Congress , and Cleveland signed it into law on October 1 , 1888 . Cleveland viewed Native Americans as wards of the state , saying in his first inaugural address that " [ t ] his guardianship involves , on our part , efforts for the improvement of their condition and enforcement of their rights .
The novel 's reception was even warmer than that of its predecessor ; Waugh was one of the few critics to qualify his praise — he thought the descriptions were good but the conversations poor . In 1950 she translated and adapted André Roussin 's play La petite hutte ( " The Little Hut " ) , in preparation for its successful West End début in August , The Times 's critic noted the " habit of speech at once colloquial and unexpected which instantly declares itself the creation of Miss Mitford . " The play ran for 1,261 performances , and provided Mitford with a steady £ 300 per month in royalties .
Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website " Jammer 's Reviews " wasn 't enthusiastic about a particularly " lackluster " action scene which he felt was a bad cross between Star Trek : Insurrection and Andromeda . However , he was pleased with the other aspects of the plot and praised the clever scripting . He gave the episode a score of three out of four . The only home media release of " The Shipment " has been as part of the season three DVD box set , released in the United States on September 27 , 2005 . The Blu ray release of Enterprise was announced in early 2013 , and released on January 7 , 2014 .
Details such as Louis Comfort Tiffany stained glass windows and hammered bronze light fixtures were re created to preserve the look of the house . Production and shooting for the second season began in late July 2012 for a scheduled premiere in mid October . The exteriors for the second season were filmed in Hidden Valley , Ventura County , California , a rural area outside Los Angeles . Principal photography for the third season began on July 23 , 2013 , in New Orleans , Louisiana . It was first reported that the season would film in multiple locations , but filming primarily took place in New Orleans .
Judy kills von Hammerstein by shooting him in the back with an arrow from 100 yards ( 91 m ) away at the exact moment that he dives into a lake . A shoot out then occurs between Bond and Gonzales and the two Cuban gunmen . Bond kills all of them and returns to Canada with Judy , who has been wounded during the gunfight . After completing a mission in the Bahamas , Bond is in Nassau and attends a dinner party at Government House . When the other guests have left , Bond remarks that if he ever marries , he imagines it would be nice to marry an air hostess .
Dill died in Washington , D.C. , in November 1944 and was replaced both as Chief of the British Joint Staff Mission and as a member of the Combined Policy Committee by Field Marshal Sir Henry Maitland Wilson . Even before the Quebec Agreement was signed , Akers had already cabled London with instructions that Chadwick , Peierls , Oliphant and Francis Simon should leave immediately for North America . They arrived on 19 August , the day it was signed , expecting to be able to talk to American scientists , but were unable to do so . Two weeks would pass before American officials learnt of the contents of the Quebec Agreement .
Gilchrist then questioned why Tendulkar then agreed with Harbhajan 's claim at the second hearing that the exchange was an obscenity , and concluded that the process was " a joke " . He also raised questions over Tendulkar 's sportsmanship and said he was " hard to find for a changing room handshake after we have beaten India " . There was a backlash in India , which forced Gilchrist to clarify his position . Gilchrist later insisted that he did not accuse Tendulkar of lying in his testimony . He also denied calling the Indian a " bad sport " in regards to the handshake issue .
In 1933 , he was charged with demanding money with menace and attempted extortion after writing to the King asking for hush money . At his trial the following January , the prosecution produced documents showing that Haddon 's enlistment papers , marriage certificate , officer 's commission , demobilisation papers and employment records all showed he was born in or before 1887 , at least two years before Albert Victor met Mrs. Haddon . Haddon was found guilty and the judge , believing Haddon to be suffering from delusions , did not jail him but bound him over for three years on the condition that he made no claim that he was Albert Victor 's son .
With this episode the season hits its halfway mark and the action picks up considerably . Despite being a topic of discussion at King 's Landing , Daenerys and Jorah Mormont do not themselves appear in this episode . Jon Snow and all characters on the Wall are also absent , and Robb Stark does not appear in Winterfell scenes . Accordingly , Emilia Clarke , Iain Glen , Harry Lloyd , Richard Madden and Kit Harington all have their names omitted from the opening titles . The Eyrie appears as a new location between King 's Landing and Winterfell on the opening 's map .
In 1957 a Filton based RAF Vampire jet from 501 Squadron crashed into Leigh Woods . The pilot , Flying officer John Greenwood , was killed after he flew under the deck of the suspension bridge while performing a victory roll . Small mountain biking circuits are present in the woods and the area is a popular walking area for Bristolians . Because of the rare flora and fauna , the woods have been included in the Avon Gorge Site of Special Scientific Interest , which received the designation in 1952 , and 140 hectares ( 350 acres ) has been designated as a national nature reserve .
Jassin finds that the theme of religion is likewise meant as an escape from Amir 's worldly sorrows , an opinion echoed by Usman . Nyanyi Sunyi was first published in the November 1937 issue of Poedjangga Baroe , a literary magazine which Amir had helped establish . It was later published as a standalone book , and by 1949 it had seen its third printing . In 1941 Amir published another collection of poems , entitled Buah Rindu ( " Fruits of Longing " ) , which consisted mostly of his earlier works . Jassin notes that the works in Nyanyi Sunyi appear more developed and mature than those in the later collection .
Rescuers , including Department of Conservation officer Malcolm Smith , attempted to refloat them four times . Shortly , a playful bottlenose dolphin known to local residents as Moko arrived and , after apparently vocalizing at the whales , led them 200 m ( 660 ft ) along a sandbar to the open sea , saving them from imminent euthanasia . The bottlenose dolphin can behave aggressively . Males fight for rank and access to females . During mating season , males compete vigorously with each other through displays of toughness and size , with a series of acts , such as head butting .
" Kirsty decides that she needs to raise money for her husband Kane Phillips ' ( Sam Atwell ) trial . She secretly begins work as an escort behind Miles ' back . Hayes ' explained Kirsty was " terrified " that Miles would find out and hated lying to him , but " has no choice . " When Miles discovers the truth about Kirsty 's escorting , he feels " totally betrayed " and ends their relationship . However , when Kirsty nearly sleeps with a client , Miles comes to her aid . At this point Leah Patterson Baker ( Ada Nicodemou ) tries to kiss Miles , as the two previously shared a connection .
If G has no connected components that are trees , then its maximal pseudoforests are 1 forests , but if G does have a tree component , its maximal pseudoforests are not 1 forests . Stated precisely , in any graph G its maximal pseudoforests consist of every tree component of G , together with one or more disjoint 1 trees covering the remaining vertices of G. Versions of these definitions are also used for directed graphs . Like an undirected graph , a directed graph consists of vertices and edges , but each edge is directed from one of its endpoints to the other endpoint .
Ramabhadraiah writes a letter to Gundamma opposing the marriage of Raja and Saroja upon the former 's instructions , and Anji conducts their marriage against Ghantaiah 's wishes . Shortly afterwards , Prabhakar and Padma 's marriage is conducted . Raja acts as a drunkard and masquerades as Ramabhadraiah 's son seeking to gain Saroja 's wealth . A rift develops between Anji and Gundamma , and he leaves with Lakshmi . Anji , Raja and Ramabhadraiah reveal the truth to Lakshmi later . Raja storms out of Gundamma 's house and Saroja follows him ; they join Ramabhadraiah 's house as gardeners and Raja ensures Saroja is unaware of their employer .
Eleven Space Shuttle missions , a joint Soyuz flight and almost 1000 cumulative days in space for American astronauts occurred over the course of seven long duration expeditions . During the four year program , many firsts in spaceflight were achieved by the two nations , including the first American astronaut to launch aboard a Soyuz spacecraft , the largest spacecraft ever to have been assembled at that time in history , and the first American spacewalk using a Russian Orlan spacesuit . The program was marred by various concerns , notably the safety of Mir following a fire and a collision , financial issues with the cash strapped Russian Space Program and worries from astronauts about the attitudes of the program administrators .
This made it easy prey for islanders and feral animals and by the 1970s the population was less than 30 birds . From 1978 to 1984 feral animals were removed and birds raised in captivity to be successfully reintroduced to the wild . The population is now relatively safe and stable . Only one native mammal remains on the islands , the large forest bat . The endemic Lord Howe long eared bat is known only from a skull and is now presumed extinct , possibly the result of the introduction of ship rats . Two terrestrial reptiles are native to the island group : the Lord Howe Island skink and the Lord Howe Island gecko .
Men who choose their sexual partners based on external appearances and peer recommendations often believe that women who violate traditional gender norms by , for example , wearing modern clothing are more likely to carry HIV , while young girls , who are perceived as sexually inexperienced , are considered " pure . " Because of this perception , many people are concerned that schoolchildren in Malawi , particularly girls , are becoming exposed to the virus through sexual harassment or abuse by their instructors . According to traditional gender roles in Malawi , men operate primarily in the formal work sector and are responsible for supporting their families through paid labor , whereas women , who are valued for their domestic skills , are responsible for agricultural labor and care work ; this gender based division of labor decreases women 's autonomy , thereby increasing their vulnerability to HIV / AIDS .
It is Bock 's first novel , following the 1998 release of Olympia , a collection of short stories . The Ash Garden follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War Two : Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko , German nuclear physicist Anton Böll , and Austrian Jewish refugee Sophie Böll . The narrative is non linear , jumping between different times and places , and the point of view alternates between the characters ; Emiko 's story being written in the first person while Anton and Sophie 's stories are written in the third person . Bock took several years to write the novel , re writing several drafts , before having it published in August 2001 by HarperCollins ( Canada ) , Alfred A. Knopf ( USA ) and Bloomsbury ( UK ) .
The Southern Railway ( SR ) , successor to both the L & SWR and the LB & SCR under the 1923 grouping of railways , objected to the plan to extend the C & SLR line to Sutton – Sir Herbert Walker , General Manager of the SR , described the proposals as an " invasion " of the SR 's territory allocated by the grouping agreement . Walker proposed a limited extension of the CS & LR as far as Tooting and offered to allow the C & SLR 's tube trains to run to Wimbledon via a connection to the SR 's Tooting to Wimbledon line .
In January 1957 the Lord Chancellor asked the Law Reform Committee " to consider whether any alteration is desirable in the powers of the court to sanction a variation in the trusts of a settlement in the interests of beneficiaries under disability and unborn persons , with particular reference to the decision in Chapman v. Chapman " , and a report was presented to Parliament in November of that year . A draft bill was drawn up and introduced by Petre Crowder , the Member of Parliament for Ruislip Northwood ; it received its second reading in the House of Lords on 12 June 1958 , and was given the Royal Assent on 23 July 1958 .
His goals helped Symes land December 's League Two Player of the Month and an offer of a contract extension by Accrington to fend off reported interest from other clubs during the January 2010 transfer window . However , Symes announced he would not sign a new contract during the transfer window increasing the chance he could leave on a free transfer during the summer on a Bosman ruling transfer . Two weeks later , Accrington announced they had rejected two bids from fellow League Two side Grimsby Town for their striker . One bid included striker Barry Conlon moving in the opposite direction .
The " green + spur " option is the lowest cost , and will have minimum impact on property acquisition ( 35 residential and business properties total , mostly farmland ) and would not allow for the demolishing of two local churches . In 2008 , the Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) approved the selected alternative and allowed for right of way acquisition to begin . Right of way acquisition , completing the final design of the freeway , construction contracts , and utility relocations for the project occurred . Bids for construction of the US 301 toll road were issued in 2015 .
He scuttled the second collier and steamed north for Iceland . The ship used the cover of a major storm to slip through the British blockade of the North Sea , and put in at Ålesund , Norway . Rio Negro then returned to Germany by early December . The Admiralstab , unaware of the loss of Karlsruhe , coincidentally radioed the ship to order her to return to Germany . Germany kept the loss of the ship a secret , and the British continued searching for her until they learned of her fate in March 1915 . Köhler 's widow christened the cruiser Karlsruhe , the third to bear the name , at her launching in August 1927 .
It was Miike 's first film to be released theatrically in the United Kingdom . Audition was released on DVD in the United States by Chimera on June 4 , 2002 . The DVD included an interview with Miike and a documentary on the Egyptian Theater in Los Angeles . A new DVD was released by Lionsgate in 2005 dubbed the " uncut special edition " . This release included an interview with Ryu Murakami , a selected scene commentary by Miike , and a clip from Bravo 's The 100 Scariest Movie Moments . Peter Schorn of IGN gave a negative review of the 2006 DVD , finding that the video was " overcompressed to the point that a distracting , shifting blockiness frequently in backgrounds that draws the eye away from the actors " .
Modern techniques , such as the use of radio telemetry from space probes , and of radar measurements of the distances to planets and asteroids in the Solar System , have allowed a reasonably accurate value for the astronomical unit ( AU ) to be calculated to a precision of about ± 30 meters . As a result , the need for parallax calculations has been superseded . A number of scientific organizations headed by the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) organized a network of amateur astronomers and students to measure Earth 's distance from the Sun during the transit .
She meets and falls in love with her first husband after she discovers their shared appreciation of Black music . After learning of her grandmother 's death , her reaction , " a dazzling passage three paragraphs long " according to Mary Jane Lupton , is musical ; not only does it rely upon gospel tradition , but is also influenced by African American literary texts , especially James Weldon Johnson 's " Go Down Death — A Funeral Sermon " . After her divorce , Angelou earns a living for herself and her son with music and dance ; this decision marks a turning point in her life .
Since the Duke did not rule out an armed intervention from Charles V , he came back on the French offer after the King 's death , sending a secret and non committal mission to King Henry II . After Jane 's accession in July the ambassadors of both powers were convinced she would prevail , although they were in no doubt that the common people backed Mary . Antoine de Noailles wrote of Guildford Dudley as " the new King " , while the Emperor instructed his envoys to arrange themselves with the Duke and to discourage Mary from undertaking anything dangerous .
" Iwata has said that the DSi is meant to be a first camera for children , and a social networking device for adults . In response to media commentary following the DSi 's announcement , Iwata insisted that its new audio and camera capabilities are not meant to compete with mobile phones , the iPod , or the PSP . He explained their role in the marketplace : While cell phone and digital camera manufacturers have been trying to compete against each other by intensifying the picture pixel quality and zooming ability of their camera functions , and while music players are making its improvements mainly by making smaller exterior design and by increasing memory storage capacity , DSi is trying to propose a different path of evolution by providing the users with the opportunity to be able to touch and play with photographs and sounds .
After serving in the Nine Years ' War and the War of the Spanish Succession , he was appointed by King George I as governor of Massachusetts and New Hampshire in 1716 . His tenure was marked by virulent disagreements with the Massachusetts assembly on a variety of issues , and by poorly conducted diplomacy with respect to the Native American Wabanaki Confederacy of northern New England that led to Dummer 's War ( 1722 – 1725 ) . Although Shute was partly responsible for the breakdown in negotiations with the Wabanakis , he returned to England in early 1723 to procure resolutions to his ongoing disagreements with the Massachusetts assembly , leaving conduct of the war to Lieutenant Governor William Dummer .
On 28 November 1864 , he took the oath to defend the new constitution , which created a unicameral assembly ( Vouli ) with representatives elected by direct , secret , universal male suffrage , a first in modern Europe . A constitutional monarchy was set up with George deferring to the legitimate authority of the elected officials , although he was aware of the corruption present in elections and the difficulty of ruling a mostly illiterate population . Between 1864 and 1910 , there were 21 general elections and 70 different governments . Internationally , George maintained a strong relationship with his brother in law , Albert Edward , Prince of Wales ( eventually King Edward VII of the United Kingdom ) , and sought his help in defusing the recurring and contentious issue of Crete , an overwhelmingly Greek island that remained under Ottoman Turk control .
At the same time , players of Dead Island : Riptide were having similar issues on Steam . Following enquiries by the media , Paramount and Namco released a joint statement explaining that it was an issue with the Steam system , and was something that the company was seeking to fix shortly . While others stated issues with co op gameplay on the PS3 , the companies stated that they were not aware of any issues and recommended that faults should be reported via Twitter . After the PC issue was rectified , a further statement was published to alert customers that they could now use this type of gameplay .
Tom Kessenich , in his book Examination : An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files gave the episode a positive review , writing " ' Biogenesis ' gave us a Mulder gone mad , duplicitous allies and enemies , a rising body count , and Scully on the brink of an amazing discovery . It was pure X Files and a terrific conclusion to a standout sixth season . " Den of Geek writer Nina Sordi ranked " Biogenesis , " along with " The Sixth Extinction " and " The Sixth Extinction II : Amor Fati , " as the fifth best episode of the series , writing , " it is evident that as [ The X Files ] progressed , the episodes surrounding those storylines and the breaking points Mulder and Scully endured push them further and further towards total , irreversible defeat .
At the Pentagon , Secretary of Defense John Keller leads the investigation into the attack . Sound analyst Maggie Madsen catches another Decepticon , Frenzy , hacking into the network while onboard Air Force One . While the hack is thwarted , Frenzy downloads files on Archibald ’ s glasses , tracking down Sam with Barricade , disguised as a police car . Sam and his high school crush Mikaela Banes are rescued by the Camaro who turns out to be Autobot scout Bumblebee , but he is mute and has to communicate through his car radio . Previously sending a beacon to his fellow Autobots , Bumblebee takes Sam and Mikaela to meet the new arrivals – Optimus , Jazz , Ironhide , and Ratchet .
He gained national recognition in 1924 when he and Wing Commander Stanley Goble became the first men to circumnavigate Australia by air . Two years later , under the command of Group Captain Richard Williams , McIntyre piloted the first international flight undertaken by an RAAF plane and crew ; this feat earned him the first Air Force Cross awarded to an RAAF member . Born and raised in England , McIntyre had served with the Royal Naval Air Service and Royal Air Force in World War I before joining the RAAF . He left the Air Force in 1927 to become an instructor with the South Australian branch of the Australian Aero Club , and died after a plane crash the following year .
Irrigation can be accomplished by use of a garden hose , soaker hose , sprinkler , or modified five gallon bucket . Trees have been venerated since time immemorial . To the ancient Celts , certain trees , especially the oak , ash and thorn , held special significance as providing fuel , building materials , ornamental objects and weaponry . Other cultures have similarly revered trees , often linking the lives and fortunes of individuals to them or using them as oracles . In Greek mythology , dryads were believed to be shy nymphs who inhabited trees . The Oubangui people of west Africa plant a tree when a child is born .
The original Persona 4 anime series was made into a condensed film adaptation titled Persona 4 : The Animation - The Factor of Hope ; it was released in Japanese cinemas in 2012 . Persona 3 has also been adapted into a series of anime films produced by AIC ASTA and featuring staff from Persona 4 : The Animation , released in cinemas in Japan and licensed for release overseas by Aniplex . The four films are titled # 1 Spring of Birth , # 2 Midsummer Knight 's Dream , # 3 Falling Down , and # 4 Winter of Rebirth .
" During the Tracy Island briefing scene , Alan Tracy 's voice is audibly lower and deeper than in later episodes . Since voice actor Matt Zimmerman had yet to be added to the regular cast at the time of dialogue recording , Ray Barrett ( who voiced John and the Hood ) supplied the character 's single line ( " OK , father " ) . Despite his absence , Zimmerman is listed in the closing credits of " Trapped in the Sky " . A second continuity error occurs during the concluding scene . When Jeff initiates the " Operation Cover up " security protocol to erase all sign of International Rescue 's presence for purposes of the doctor 's visit , the portraits on the wall change from photographs of the Tracy brothers in uniform to a different set in which civilian attire is worn ; however , in a subsequent shot , the edge of a blue uniform is still visible .
Richie commented , " Unfortunately , sometimes it takes a hit record to make someone decide to save a life . I want this song to be the battle cry again . Every once in a while , you have to wake the world up . We slept right through Katrina . If we are not a socially aware culture , we 're going to fail . " The new version of the song was recorded on February 1 , 2010 , in a session lasting 14 hours . Eighty five musicians were reportedly involved in the song 's recording , which was held in the same place as the original , at Henson Recording Studio on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles , California .
" Many critics noted similarities between " Born This Way " and Madonna 's 1989 song , " Express Yourself " , referring to " similar chords , same uplifting , girl power theme ( ... ) , same tempo " . Popjustice website pointed out the influence of other Madonna songs like " Deeper and Deeper " ( 1992 ) and " Vogue " ( 1990 ) . Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone acknowledged the influences of Madonna but pointed out that they would not overshadow the song , as it " [ summed ] up all the complex Gaga mythos , all her politics and Catholic angst and smeared lipstick , in one brilliant pop blast .
Singer brought his entire crew from X2 to work on the film . Via digitally enhanced archive footage , the late Marlon Brando appeared in the film as Jor El . Superman Returns received positive reviews and grossed approximately $ 391 million worldwide . In February 2006 , four months before the release of Superman Returns , Warner Bros. announced a summer 2009 theatrical release date for a sequel , with Bryan Singer returning as director . Brandon Routh , Kate Bosworth , Kevin Spacey , Sam Huntington , Frank Langella , and Tristan Lake Leabu were expected to reprise their roles , however , with the release of Superman Returns in July 2006 , Warner Bros. was hesitant on moving forward with development .
Fegelein split the territory to be covered into two sections divided by the Pripyat River , with the 1st Regiment taking the northern half and the 2nd Regiment the south . The regiments worked their way from east to west through their assigned territory , and filed daily reports on the number of people killed and taken prisoner . In a meeting with Bach Zelewski on 31 July , Himmler announced the amalgamation of the two regiments into the SS Cavalry Brigade . Additional units such as a bicycle reconnaissance detachment were formed and added to the brigade 's complement .
During its changes in ownership , the original Lot Number 20 of the South Branch Survey was repeatedly partitioned and sold . By 1976 , the original property was divided into five farms and additional parcels , including the Valley View Addition . The tract on which the Valley View residence is located currently measures 6.63 acres ( 2.68 ha ) . Valley View was purchased by Robert Mayhew 's father and a business associate in 1979 . Mayhew subsequently purchased it from his father , and he and his wife Kim have restored the residence and grounds . After surveys of historic properties in the county , in 2008 the Hampshire County Historic Landmarks Commission and the Hampshire County Commission began an initiative to place structures and districts on the National Register of Historic Places .
In addition , the floors of stalls followed the slope of the hill , a gradient of about 1 : 12 , causing health problems for those market workers who had to stand at this angle for prolonged periods during the day . Norwich City Council decided that these problems needed to be addressed , and in December 2003 invited the public to choose between three proposals for a rebuilt market . These plans were extremely controversial . All three envisaged reducing the number of stalls from 205 to 140 – 160 in order to increase space , and all three involved splitting the market into isolated clusters of stalls , significantly altering its character and appearance .
Following a Royal Canadian Mounted Police raid at MLG in 1968 , Stafford was charged with income tax evasion , and he and Ballard were accused of illegally taking money from MLGL to pay for renovations of their houses and other personal expenses . Just before the charges were laid , Bassett argued to the board that Stafford and Ballard should be removed from their posts . Following an 8 – 7 vote of the board of directors on June 26 , 1969 , Stafford and Ballard were both fired , and Bassett was appointed president of MLGL . However , Bassett did not force Stafford and Ballard to sell their shares , and both men remained on the board .
In the city Jack rents expensive apartments , and leads a vain , idle life . Jack 's uncle hears of his conduct and devises a scheme whereby he can make a thorough test of the boy . He instructs his lawyers to announce his death , that the entire fortune has gone to charity , and Jack has been left penniless . Jack is turned out of his rooms and shunned by his rich friends . Among the very poor , whom he formerly despised , he is treated as a comrade . They share with him their last crust , and he ends by marrying them , and falling in love with a humble little flower girl .
Lerroux 's Radical government collapsed after two significant scandals , including the Straperlo affair . However , president Niceto Alcalá Zamora did not allow the CEDA to form a government , and called elections . Zamora had become disenchanted with Robles 's obvious desire to do away with the republic and establish a corporate state , and his air of pride . He was looking to strengthen a new centre party in place of the Radicals , but the election system did not favour this . Portela Valladares was thus chosen to form a caretaker government in the meantime . The Republic had , as its opponents pointed out , faced twenty six separate government crises .
Other early hip hop crews were typically politically oriented , like 99 Posse , who later became more influenced by British trip hop . More recent crews include gangster rappers like Sardinia 's La Fossa . Other recently imported styles include techno , trance , and electronica performed by artists including Gabry Ponte , Eiffel 65 , and Gigi D`Agostino . Hip hop is especially characteristic of southern Italy , a fact which some observers have contributed to the view of southern culture as more " African " than " European " , as well as the southern concept of rispettu ( respect , honor ) , a form of verbal jousting ; both facts have helped identify southern Italian music with the African American hip hop style .
1809 ) , Wojski of Wschowa , opposed to the Constitution Stanisław Kublicki ( or Jan Kublicki ) , deputy of Inflanty , an active supporter of the Constitution and of the causes of townsfolk and peasants ( sources vary with regards to his name ) Franciszek Branicki ( ca . 1730 1819 ) , Grand Hetman of the Crown , opposed to the Constitution Hugo Kołłątaj ( 1750 1812 ) , Underchancellor of the Crown , co author of the Constitution Feliks Turski , bishop of Kraków Ignacy Potocki ( 1750 1809 ) , Grand Marshal of Lithuania , co author of the Constitution ( location indicated on the picture could be incorrect ) Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski ( 1734 1832 ) , Prefect General of Podolia , supporter of the Constitution ( the location of this figure is disputed by some sources ) Scipione Piattoli , priest , secretary of king Poniatowski , supporter of the Constitution Tadeusz Matuszewicz ( Matusiewicz ) , deputy , supporter of the Constitution Stanisław August Poniatowski ( 1732 1798 ) , King of Poland 1764 1795 Dorothea von Medem ( Dorothea Biron ) , Courland princess ( also identified as Róża z Martynkowskich , wife of Dekert ) Elżbieta Grabowska ( 1748 1810 ) , king 's mistress Jan Dekert ( 1738 1790 ) , former City President ( Mayor ) of Warsaw Antoni Stanisław Czetwertyński Światopełk ( 1748 1794 ) , Castellan of Przemyśl , opposed to the Constitution Antoni Złotnicki , deputy of Podolia , opponent of the Constitution An unnamed French royalist Jan Kiliński ( 1760 1819 ) , shoemaker , member of the Warsaw City Council Clemens Maria Hofbauer ( 1751 1820 ) , Redemptorist ( priest ) Stanisław Staszic ( 1755 1826 ) , scientist and political writer Andrzej Zamoyski ( 1716 1792 ) , Grand Chancellor of the Crown Tymoteusz Gorzeński , bishop of Smoleńsk Kazimierz Konopka ( 1769 1805 ) , Hugo Kołłątaj 's secretary An unnamed Orthodox priest Paweł Ksawery Brzostowski , Catholic priest , pioneer of agricultural reforms Antoni Tyzenhauz , Lithuanian official and reformer .
McCain 's refusal to be released was remarked upon by North Vietnamese senior negotiator Lê Đức Thọ to U.S. envoy Averell Harriman , during the ongoing Paris Peace Talks . Enraged by his declining of the offer , Bai and his assistant told McCain that things would get very bad for him . In late August 1968 , a program of vigorous torture methods began on McCain . The North Vietnamese used rope bindings to put him into prolonged , painful positions and severely beat him every two hours , all while he was suffering from dysentery . His right leg was reinjured , his ribs were cracked , some teeth were broken at the gumline , and his left arm was re fractured .
Selected for the senior squad by manager Bobby Ferguson , Dozzell made his debut for Ipswich Town in February 1984 , coming on as a substitute against Coventry City . Ipswich won the match 2 – 0 ; Dozzell scored late in the second half , becoming the youngest player , at 16 years and 57 days , to score in the old English Football League First Division . He went on to make four further appearances in the 1983 – 84 season . The following season Dozzell made twenty appearances , five of them from the bench , and scored four goals .
The storm prompted classes to be canceled , as well as for the airport to be closed , causing flights to be canceled . The final storm of the season formed on March 29 from the ITCZ to the east of Diego Garcia . The large area of convection quickly became more organized , intensifying into Tropical Storm Marlene on March 30 . On that date , the JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 19S . Marlene continued to strengthen as it moved west southwestward , aided by a surge in the monsoon . An eye formed on March 31 , and on the next day the storm became a tropical cyclone .
Carr contacted Billy Gibson who was the manager of heavyweight boxer Gene Tunney and knew of Mara from Mara 's interest in investing in Tunney . Mara decided to spend the $ 500 on the Giants as opposed to Tunney in a spur of the moment decision , and started the team with the statement , " an exclusive franchise for anything in New York is worth $ 500 . " His son Wellington later said that his father felt that even an empty store in the city was worth that price . Mara purchased the team , despite never having watched a single pro game , saying to the sellers at the time , " Just tell me one thing .
Influenced by his television and film scripting background , Martin tries to keep readers engrossed by ending each Ice and Fire chapter with a tense or revelational moment , a twist or a cliffhanger , similar to a TV act break . Scriptwriting has also taught him the technique of " cutting out the fat and leaving the muscle " , which is the final stage of completing a book , a technique that brought the page count in A Dance with Dragons down almost eighty pages . Dividing the continuous Ice and Fire story into books is much harder for Martin .
The John D. Adams Vocational Technology building stood by itself next to the main building . There were two gymnasiums on campus . The main gym was often referred to as " The Garden " and accommodated approximately 2,000 people . There were also 8 trailers located on the north side of the school to help provide additional classrooms . These trailers were used largely for English and History classes . GCHS underwent a major remodeling project during the 2005 – 2006 school year . An open courtyard had previously existed in the central section of the school which had gone largely unused .
During the year , Feeder 's domestic studio album sales passed the one million units mark . In late 2005 , Feeder already returned to the studio , with Stephen Street working as the band 's producer to record three new tracks to appear on their then forthcoming singles collection . " Lost and Found " ( which Grant described as " an urban love song " ) became the first single to promote the collection , and would reach # 12 in the UK singles chart in May 2006 , after completing their delayed winter tour , which ended at the LG Arena in Birmingham in front of 8,000 fans .
The Laurelton Circle at Route 88 , built in 1937 , was replaced by the 1990s . The Ellisburg Circle at Route 41 and Route 154 , was replaced by an intersection with jughandles . The Brielle Circle at the eastern terminus was also converted to an intersection with jughandles in 2001 . In conjunction with eliminating the Brielle Circle , Route 70 was also widened between the intersection with Jack Martin Boulevard in Brick Township and the former circle . In July 2004 , floods caused by heavy rain washed away a bridge along the route in Southampton Township , leading for it to be replaced .
Unable to face her and with the surprising news that Donald 's spec script for a clichéd psychological thriller , called The 3 , is selling for six or seven figures , Kaufman resorts to attending McKee 's seminar in New York and asks him for advice . Charlie ends up asking Donald to join him in New York to assist with the story structure . Donald pretends to be Charlie and interviews Orlean , but is suspicious of her account of the events of her book because she acts as though she is lying . He and his brother Charlie follow Orlean to Florida where she meets Laroche , the orchid stealing protagonist of Orlean 's book and her secret lover .
Chang commented that the " thrill " of seeing all the actors on screen mitigated plot issues . Entertainment Weekly 's Lisa Schwarzbaum said West 's action direction improved upon the previous film 's direction by Stallone . Schwarzbaum considered that the film is " excellent crap , fine junk , an exercise in campy movie nostalgia " , commenting that while she did not consider the film artistic , she found it enjoyable . USA Today 's Claudia Puig considered the shift from the serious tone of the original to an emphasis on humor to be entertaining . Puig said the film was " corny , barbaric and sometimes visually murky .
" Ryan Dombell of Pitchfork Media wrote a mixed review of the song ; he called it the flightiest song on Rated R , but praised it as superior to the riskier material on the album . " Rude Boy " debuted on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number sixty four . It peaked at number one a month later , replacing " Break Your Heart " by Taio Cruz , and became Rihanna 's sixth US number one single . Rihanna equaled Paula Abdul and Diana Ross as the female artists with the fifth most number one singles on the Hot 100 's in its fifty one year history .
Offshore Louisiana , a group of six fishermen from Alabama perished due to drowning . Along the Louisiana coastline , damage largely resembled that of a Category 2 hurricane . Damage was heaviest in St. Mary Parish , about 32 mi ( 51 km ) east of where Andrew made landfall . Hurricane force winds damaged roofs , although most homes fared well during the storm , with the main exception being large trees falling onto houses . In Cypremort Point State Park , where winds were estimated at 90 mph ( 140 km / h ) , several mobile homes were destroyed .
" The Red Rooster " , backed with " Shake for Me " , which was also recorded during the same session , was issued by Chess Records in October 1961 . Neither song , nor his other songs from the period now considered to be among his best known , entered the record charts . Both were included on his acclaimed 1962 album Howlin ' Wolf , often called the Rockin ' Chair album . " The Red Rooster " also appears on many Howlin ' Wolf compilations , including Howlin ' Wolf : The Chess Box and Howlin ' Wolf : His Best – The Chess 50th Anniversary Collection .
In those races he also holds the records for days spent in the race leader 's jersey at 78 and 96 respectively . For his career successes in the Giro d 'Italia , Merckx became the first rider inducted into the race 's Hall of Fame in 2012 . When being inducted , Merckx was given the modern day trophy with the winners engraved until 1974 , the last year he won the race . At the Tour , he holds the record for most stage wins in its history , with thirty four . He was given the nickname " The Cannibal " by the daughter of Christian Raymond , a teammate of Merckx 's .
The surviving manuscripts are listed below . The manuscripts are all thought to derive from a common original , but the connections between the texts are more complex than simple inheritance via copying . The diagram at right gives an overview of the relationships between the manuscripts . The following is a summary of the relationships that are known . [ A2 ] was a copy of [ A ] , made in Winchester , probably between 1001 and 1013 . [ B ] was used in the compilation of [ C ] at Abingdon , in the mid 11th century .
Although Louise 's cancer had gone into remission , it returned in the spring of 1970 . Exhausted from nursing her , Harrison 's father , Harry , was then also hospitalised . As a result , their youngest son was " running back and forth " between Warrington and London while trying to record his first post Beatles solo album , All Things Must Pass . Adding to the strain , Harrison would also tell Musician , he was having to assure each of his parents that the other one was okay . On 4 July , the day that his song " Something " won an Ivor Novello award , Harrison put his solo album on hold and drove north to see Louise for the last time .
Belarus and Lithuania ratified final border demarcation documents in February 2007 . Belarus is a presidential republic , governed by a president and the National Assembly . The term for each presidency is five years . Under the 1994 constitution , the president could serve for only two terms as president , but a change in the constitution in 2004 eliminated term limits . Alexander Lukashenko has been the president of Belarus since 1994 . In 1996 , Lukashenko called for a controversial vote to extend the presidential term from five to seven years , and as a result the election that was supposed to occur in 1999 was pushed back to 2001 .
Oliphant " came to a meeting " , Allison recalls , " and said ' bomb ' in no uncertain terms . He told us we must concentrate every effort on the bomb , and said we had no right to work on power plants or anything but the bomb . The bomb would cost 25 million dollars , he said , and Britain did not have the money or the manpower , so it was up to us . " Allison was surprised that Briggs had kept the committee in the dark . Oliphant visited his friend Ernest Lawrence , and also spoke with James Conant and Enrico Fermi .
In a strong emotional scene , it is always best to be able to shoot in complete takes to allow the actor a continuity of emotion , and it is rare for most actors to reach their peak more than once or twice . There are , occasionally , scenes which benefit from extra takes , but even then , I 'm not sure that the early takes aren 't just glorified rehearsals with the adding adrenaline of film running through the camera . " Kubrick would devote his personal breaks to having lengthy discussions with actors . Among those who valued his attention was Tony Curtis , star of Spartacus , who said Kubrick was his favorite director , adding , " his greatest effectiveness was his one on one relationship with actors .
As they get up to leave , Abum praises the shop 's coffee and briefly reveals his true form to the waiter . " Somehow , Satan Got Behind Me " is the second , and last , episode of Millennium to have been written by Darin Morgan , who also directed the episode . Morgan had previously written and directed " Jose Chung 's Doomsday Defense " earlier in the season . Morgan also served as a consulting producer for the season , and is the younger brother of Glen Morgan , an executive producer for the series . Morgan 's script contains several references to his time as a writer for Millennium 's sister show , The X Files .
Albin 's family certainly had strong connections in the church of Brechin . A known kinsman ( nepos ) of Albin 's , Adam , held the position of Archdeacon of Brechin , probably by 1242 , but certainly by 1264 . It has been suggested that this Adam was Adam de Brechin , probable son of Henry de Brechin 's successor William de Brechin ( died between 1286 and 1294 ) , who held benefices in the see of Brechin in 1274 . Albin became precentor of Brechin Cathedral , the first known person to hold that office ; he was not , however , recorded in that position until the summer of 1246 , when he was confirmed as Bishop of Brechin .
He played his first NHL game against the Quebec Nordiques two nights later and recorded his first points – three assists – on January 5 against the Los Angeles Kings . He scored his first two NHL goals in a 7 – 2 victory over the Edmonton Oilers on January 7 . Fleury continued to score , and finished with 34 points in 36 games in his NHL rookie season . He added 11 points in the playoffs , helping the Flames to the first Stanley Cup championship in franchise history . After improving to 33 goals in his first full season , Fleury broke out in 1990 – 91 , scoring 51 goals and 104 points to lead the Flames offensively .
2012 saw Russia became the focus of a major international expansion for Burger King with a new plan to increase its presence in that country . The deal between Burger King , Russian master franchise Burger Rus and Russian investment bank VTB Capital is designed to grow the company from its January 2012 level of 57 to more than 300 within a few years . A good portion of the planned expansion will be focused in the Siberian region of the country , an area that is underserved by fast food chains . Further , the agreement solidified Burger Rus as the exclusive master franchise for the country .
Excluding the brief possession by the forces of Bosnian King , Tvrtko I , the fortress remained in Hungaro Croatian hands for the next several hundred years , until the 16th century . Klis Fortress is probably best known for its defense against the Ottoman invasion of Europe in the early 16th century . Croatian captain Petar Kružić led the defense of the fortress against a Turkish invasion and siege that lasted for more than two and a half decades . During this defense , as Kružić and his soldiers fought without allies against the Turks , the military faction of Uskoks was formed , which later became famous as an elite Croatian militant sect .
Although he stated that deities existed , he believed that they were uninterested in human existence . The aim of the Epicureans was to attain peace of mind and one important way of doing this was by exposing fear of divine wrath as irrational . The Epicureans also denied the existence of an afterlife and the need to fear divine punishment after death . The Roman philosopher Sextus Empiricus held that one should suspend judgment about virtually all beliefs — a form of skepticism known as Pyrrhonism — that nothing was inherently evil , and that ataraxia ( " peace of mind " ) is attainable by withholding one 's judgment .
The early accounts are untrustworthy , but by the late 19th century it was paying a dividend of about 5 per cent . This dropped from 1900 onwards as electric trams and the Central London Railway attracted passengers away ; a low of 1 ⁄ 2 per cent was reached in 1907 – 8 . Dividends rose to 2 per cent in 1911 – 13 as passengers returned after electrification ; the outbreak of war in 1914 reduced the dividend to 1 per cent . By 1921 recovery was sufficient for a dividend of 2 1 ⁄ 4 per cent to be paid and then , during the post war housing boom , for the rate to steadily rise to 5 per cent in 1924 – 5 .
By July 15 , Eighth Army was provided a daily ferry service from the Hakata Moji area to Pusan , along with fast express trains from the Tokyo – Yokohama area . Accordingly , a Red Ball Express type system was organized . It had a daily capacity of 300 tonnes ( 300 long tons ; 330 short tons ) of items and supplies that were critically needed in Korea . The Red Ball made the run from Yokohama to Sasebo in a little more than 30 hours , and to Pusan in a total of about 53 hours . The first Red Ball Express train with high priority cargo left Yokohama at 1330 on July 23 .
As an " outlet " for Watsuki 's kendo emotions , Yahiko " knows a pain that hero types like Himura Kenshin and Sagara Sanosuke can never know " . As Watsuki further developed the story , Yahiko becomes a comedic character . Watsuki wanted to draw Yahiko in a way that readers could envision him as being a " great " swordsman five to ten years later . During the last story arc from the manga , the story takes a darker tone than those from other shōnen series published by Shueisha . As the series was aimed at teenagers , Watsuki made Yahiko the main character during the time when Kenshin thought that Kamiya Kaoru was dead ; his role was to serve as the identifying character for readers .
No relief ship would search for them there , and the likelihood of rescue from any other outside agency was equally negligible . The island was bleak and inhospitable , and its terrain devoid of vegetation , although it had fresh water , and a relative abundance of seals and penguins to provide food and fuel for immediate survival . The rigours of an Antarctic winter were fast approaching ; the narrow shingle beach where they were camped was already being swept by almost continuous gales and blizzards , which destroyed one of the tents in their temporary camp , and knocked others flat .
" The speech was originally delivered in French language . The speech has been praised for its use of political rhetoric . In particular , the speech has been cited as exemplifying the three functions of rhetoric ; by the way it was framed within the independence proceeding , its deliberative function and oratorical vibrancy . Others have argued that the dynamics between Lumumba , Kasa Vubu and Baudouin during the ceremony " represent a microcosm of the relations between Africans and Europeans " in early post colonial Africa , with each representing a different stance towards the others . The speech has been hailed as a " classic of African nationalism " and praised for providing a response to the " patronizing " speech given by Baudouin or as an example of speaking the truth to power It was also praised as a public exposé of traits of colonialism glossed over during the independence ceremonies .
Part of the attack involved the cost of new desks for legislators and staff that were manufactured by Oregon prison inmates . Renovations were completed in November 2008 . The capitol grounds cover three city blocks and include Willson and Capitol parks . Near the west entrance of the capitol is a replica of Philadelphia 's Liberty Bell . This bell is one of 53 full sized replicas made in France and donated by the United States government to each state . Oregon received its copy on July 4 , 1950 . Throughout the grounds are native trees and shrubs , including blue spruce , Oregon grape ( the state flower ) , giant sequoia , coast redwood , Japanese maple , dogwood species , Bradford pear , cherry tree species , English holly , rhododendron , and magnolia tree species .
The allegations were taken up by several prominent critics , including leaders of the People 's Alliance for Democracy , constitution drafter Chai anan Samudavanija , Senator Sophon Supapong , writer Pramote Nakornthab , and Democrat leader Thaworn Senniam . None of the accusers provided any evidence to back up their allegations . Sondhi noted that his source was a Thai Rak Thai worker who had recently " defected . " Variations of the original theory were also proposed , including the claim that the plot involved overseas groups intent on overthrowing the Chakri dynasty , the claim that media consolidation was a core component of the conspiracy , the claim that the Plan was aimed at maintaining a constitutional monarchy while reducing the powers of the monarch to a mere figurehead , and the claim that a law designed to further decentralize central administrative power to the Thai provinces , and the claim that Thaksin wanted to establish a government based on the model of western democracies .
Holmes ordered Lieutenant Colonel William C. Holley , commanding officer of the 8th Engineer Combat Battalion , to report to Colonel Raymond D. Palmer , commanding the 8th Cavalry Regiment . That afternoon Palmer in his command post on the Tabu dong road outlined to Holley and the commanding officers of D Company , 8th Engineer Combat Battalion , and E Company , 8th Cavalry , his attack plan to regain control of Ka san . The Engineer company , commanded by First Lieutenant John T. Kennedy , was to lead the attack , E Company following . Once the force had gained the crest and E Company had established itself in defensive positions , the Engineer company was to come off the mountain .
He has authored a book on football management exclusively for the Japanese market , Shōsha no Esupuri ( 勝者のエスプリ , lit . The Spirit of Conquest ) in English , published by Japan Broadcast Publishing ( a subsidiary of NHK ) in August 1997 . The book highlights his managerial philosophy , ideals and values , as well as his thoughts on Japanese football and the game as a whole . Wenger is a Roman Catholic , and he attributes his outlook and values to his religious upbringing . He grew up speaking French and German , and has learnt English , Spanish and Italian .
Pseudoplectania nigrella is considered inedible . It has no distinctive taste or odor . This species is saprobic , and is found growing in groups on the ground or on moss covered decaying wood , especially amongst fallen pine needles . In North America , fruit bodies appear in the spring and summer , and are fairly common ; in Britain , the fungus fruits from winter to spring , and is rare . Its small size and dark color makes it easy to overlook . Pseudoplectania nigrella has a worldwide distribution , and has been found in North America , the Caribbean , Europe , India , Madagascar , New Zealand , Israel , and Japan .
Confederate guerrillas from the Randolph area weakened the Union forces along the Mississippi River . In September 1862 , the Union supply ship Eugene was fired at from Randolph . Sherman ordered to " destroy the place , leaving one house to mark the place " . Union Army soldiers burned down Randolph in retaliation for the guerrilla attack . To his superior officer , General Ulysses S. Grant , Sherman reported that he had " given public notice that a repetition [ of guerrilla attacks ] will justify any measures of retaliation " . Randolph was burned down a second time by federal soldiers in 1865 .
Despite the fact that their actions were ultimately fruitless , the Eretrians and in particular the Athenians had earned Darius 's lasting enmity , and he vowed to punish both cities . The Persian naval victory at the Battle of Lade ( 494 BC ) all but ended the Ionian Revolt , and by 493 BC , the last hold outs were vanquished by the Persian fleet . The revolt was used as an opportunity by Darius to extend the empire 's border to the islands of the eastern Aegean and the Propontis , which had not been part of the Persian dominions before .
The BBC website 's Fear Forecasters , a panel who rate the episodes , were not allowed to see " Doomsday " before its airing , and access to copies was restricted ; the website thus does not have a Fear Forecast for the episode . Despite this , the Dalek Sec prop , which had been previously unused in the series , had invaded the stage at the 2006 BAFTA Television Awards while the production team were collecting an award . A similar moratorium would be placed on the following series ' finale , " Last of the Time Lords " .
" Boiling " , which starts The Face , opens with a R & B infused landscape of " bruised color " synths , which are mostly associated with the works of future garage artists such as Jacques Greene , backing alto vocals by Sinéad Harnett . Big keyboard sounds , a deep house bassline , percussion including finger snaps and hi hats commonly found in early 1990s garage music then pop into the song , as well as reverb effects on the vocals , before some bubbly synth textures " unravel " the song . " What 's In Your Head " contains chops of high pitched voice samples , a " distorted beyond recognition orgasm sample , " and " spacey " " sun bleached " synthesizers .
On 27 March the brigade led the division 's advance . Their first objective , the village of Brünen , was unoccupied , so they pressed on to the next village , Erle , by that evening . The 7th Parachute Battalion was ordered to attack what was believed to be three self propelled guns on the village outskirts , while the 13th Parachute Battalion captured the nearby high ground . As the 7th Parachute Battalion 's leading platoon approached the guns , they were met with heavy fire from anti aircraft and anti tank guns . The battalion was forced to take cover and was unable to move forward ; but when darkness came , they advanced and seized the position , capturing 60 prisoners , one anti tank gun , 11 anti aircraft guns and several light machine guns .
In both the Poetic Edda , compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources , and the Prose Edda , written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson , Nótt is listed as the daughter of a figure by the name of Nörvi ( with variant spellings ) and is associated with the horse Hrímfaxi , while the Prose Edda features information about Nótt 's ancestry , including her three marriages . Nótt 's third marriage was to the god Dellingr and this resulted in their son Dagr , the personified day ( although some manuscript variations list Jörð as Dellingr 's wife and Dagr 's mother instead ) .
On July 25 , 2006 , the film was released on Blu ray . The film received lukewarm reviews . On Rotten Tomatoes , Species holds an approval of 34 % based on 35 reviews . Roger Ebert gave it 2 out of 4 stars , criticizing the film 's plot and overall lack of intelligence . Cristine James from Boxoffice magazine gave the film 2 out of 5 stars , describing it as " ' Alien ' meets ' V ' meets ' Splash ' meets ' Playboy 's Erotic Fantasies : Forbidden Liaisons , ' diluted into a diffuse , misdirected bore .
Posted to Singapore as Air Officer Commanding ( AOC ) No. 224 Group RAF in 1967 , he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath for his work as chief of staff at Headquarters RAF Far East Air Force in 1969 . He then served as Air Member for Personnel , before being selected as AOC Operational Command in 1973 . Eaton retired from the RAAF in December that year , and became an executive for Rolls Royce in Canberra . He died in 1992 at the age of 75 . Brian Eaton was born in Launceston , Tasmania , on 15 December 1916 , to Sydney and Hilda Eaton .
The legislature responded by trying to create a merit system for public offices , but it was largely unable to effectively enforce it given the new scope of government agencies . The battle with the governor continued until 1941 , when the legislature rescinded the Executive Reorganization Act and replaced it with the State Administration Act , which placed most of the government under the control of elected commissioners and reduced the governor 's practical executive authority to commander of the militia and the executor of legislation . The matter was taken to the Supreme Court in the case of Tucker v. State of Indiana .
. . , we express no opinion as to . . . the final disposition of this case should Congress not exercise its authority to resolve these far reaching Indian claims . " Abatement The counties advanced the theory that the causes of action under Nonintercourse Acts of 1790 , 1793 , 1796 , 1799 , and 1802 ( unlike the final 1833 version ) abated upon the expiration of the statutes . However , the Court held that because the different versions of the Act contained " substantially the same restraint on the alienation of Indian lands . . .
It had a maximum range of approximately 300 yards but was accurate only to between 100 and 150 yards Home Guard units often added their own modifications to the weapon , which included mounting it on carriages or even the sidecars of motorcycles . It was served by a crew of three . Ammunition for the weapon consisted of the No. 76 Special Incendiary Grenade , a glass bottle " containing a phosphorus mixture which burst into livid flames , giving off quantities of suffocating smoke upon exposure to the air " , as well as normal hand and rifle grenades .
Potassium bromate ( KBrO 3 ) is a strong oxidizer ( E924 ) , used to improve dough strength and rise height . Potassium bisulfite ( KHSO 3 ) is used as a food preservative , for example in wine and beer making ( but not in meats ) . It is also used to bleach textiles and straw , and in the tanning of leathers . Major potassium chemicals are potassium hydroxide , potassium carbonate , potassium sulfate , and potassium chloride . Megatons of these compounds are produced annually . Potassium hydroxide KOH is a strong base , which is used in industry to neutralize strong and weak acids , to control pH and to manufacture potassium salts .
Bermuda was threatened by three hurricanes within two weeks . In addition to the hurricanes , Tropical Storm Alice developed in late May and left several fatalities in Cuba . The final named storm of the season , Hazel , produced additional rainfall in Florida after previous flooding conditions . There were several unnamed storms , the last of which dissipated on December 9 . A tropical storm developed east of Nicaragua on May 25 , executing a counterclockwise loop over Central America . After weakening over land , Alice re intensified over the western Caribbean , moving over western Cuba on May 21 with winds of 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) .
Ian Walker of AbsolutePunk commented that Beyoncé and " the backing production " ebb and flow as the song proceeds , and added that toward the end , she channels her inner Mariah Carey and ultimately " puts the older star to shame " . Similarly , Craig Jenkins of Prefix Magazine praised how effortlessly Beyoncé scats along with the multi octave guitar solo . Matthew Perpetua of Rolling Stone wrote that though the song may not be an obvious single , it remains one of the finest tracks on the record . Ben Cardew of Music Week called " I Care " an " early highlight " on 4 , further praising its instrumentation and the fact that the song " feels touched with sadness , largely thanks to a fantastic chorus " .
Upon reading the script , Kirkman thought that producers were consistent with his comic , adding that they could possibly improve his initial work . " Reading that pilot was just a revelation . It 's extremely faithful . There are things that are so much like the comic , I can 't really remember the nuance of what 's different and what 's not from the comic . He 's definitely being more faithful than I expected , and everything that he 's changing is brilliant . I couldn 't be happier . I think the fans of the book are going to just love it .
Eminem has had ten number one albums on the Billboard 200 : seven solo ( five original albums and two compilations ) , two with D12 and one with Bad Meets Evil . The Eminem Show , The Marshall Mathers LP , and Encore were ranked the third- , seventh- and fortieth bestselling albums of the 2000 – 2009 decade , respectively , by the magazine . The rapper has had 13 number one singles worldwide . Eminem has been credited of rising the careers of rap proteges such as , 50 Cent , Yelawolf , Stat Quo , Royce da 5 ' 9 " , Cashis , Obie Trice , Bobby Creekwater , and rap groups such as D12 and Slaughterhouse .
From 2002 through 2012 , there have been 143 false start penalties on visiting teams in Seattle , second only to the Minnesota Vikings . During that same time period , the Seahawks have accumulated a home win record of 59 29 , with a simultaneous road record of 33 55 When Tod Leiweke was hired as the Seahawks ' new CEO in 2003 , he had a large flagpole installed in the south end to fly the 12th Man Flag as a tribute to the team 's 12th man . The organization had retired the number in 1984 to honor the 12th man .
Ronald Reagan was the country 's president and the ideals of individualism were promoted during his two terms in office . He emphasized the moral worth of the individual in his speeches , encouraging his fellow Americans to make the country successful and to stand up against the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Dr. Dave Saunders , a film writer and lecturer at South Essex College of Further and Higher Education , linked facets of Conan the Barbarian to aspects of Reaganism — the conservative ideology that surrounded the president 's policies . Saunders likened Conan 's quest against Doom to the Americans ' crusades , his choice of weaponry — swords — to Reagan 's and Milius 's fondness of resisting the Soviets with only spirit and simple weapons , and Doom 's base of operations to the Kremlin .
Restaurants in Israel have come up with creative alternatives to ḥametz ingredients to create pasta , hamburger buns , pizza , and other fast foods in kosher for Passover versions by using potato starch and other non standard ingredients . After Passover , the celebration of Mimouna takes place , a tradition brought to Israel by the Jewish communities of North Africa . In the evening , a feast of fruit , confectionery and pastries is set out for neighbors and visitors to enjoy . Most notably , the first leaven after Passover , a thin crepe called a mofletta , eaten with honey , syrup or jam , is served .
Lee 's title for the initial concept — Snots And Boogers — was rejected , as was a list of suggestions compiled from company employees . According to Davis , vice president of marketing Howie Rubin championed @ ! # ? @ ! as the title . Although staff members argued it was silly and would be impossible to pronounce , a few early test models were produced with @ ! # ? @ ! as the title on the units ' artwork . During a meeting , " Hubert " was suggested , and a staff member thought of combining " Cubes " and " Hubert " into " Cubert " .
Scholars have also observed that regional variations in different areas of the United States have provided certain circuits with a particular specialization or expertise in some subjects of the law . Article III of the United States Constitution specifies that " [ t ] he judicial Power of the United States , shall be vested in one supreme Court , and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish . " In 1789 , Congress created the first system of intermediate appellate courts , known as federal circuit courts , which had appellate jurisdiction over certain matters decided by District Courts .
It was certified platinum in the United States and had sold two million albums worldwide by September . The lead single of the album , " Tik Tok " , broke the record in the United States for the highest single week sales , selling 610,000 digital downloads , the highest ever by a female artist since tracking began in 2003 . It spent nine weeks at number one and became the longest running number one by a female artist on her debut single since Debby Boone and " You Light Up My Life " in 1977 . As of 2015 , " Tik Tok " has sold about 15 million copies , becoming the second best selling single in the digital history – being the most sold single in history by a female solo artist .
During the development of the starting credits , Madonna asked Foley if they could have a cartoon figure of her character introducing the film credits . Foley liked the idea , and Warner enlisted cartoonist April March to create the cartoon . The film was released on August 7 , 1987 , in United States to 944 theatres . Warner Bros. did not arrange for an advance screening , as they believed that Madonna 's appeal would draw moviegoers to come to the film . A pre release celebration was held on August 6 , 1987 , at Times Square in New York , where Madonna arrived to promote the film .
After that , it crosses back into Wisconsin for about 14 1 ⁄ 2 miles ( 23 km ) before crossing the state line one last time . The northernmost Michigan section is about 43 1 ⁄ 2 miles ( 70 km ) , making the overall length about 169 miles ( 272 km ) . When the US Highway System was formed on November 11 , 1926 , US 141 ran from Milwaukee to Green Bay , and one segment of the modern highway in Michigan was originally designated US 102 . This other designation was decommissioned in 1928 when US 141 was extended north from Green Bay into Michigan .
The following season , he scored 191 runs at 38.20 including a century in three matches . He did not take a wicket . World War I interrupted Macartney 's career as competitive cricket was cancelled . In January 1916 , he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force ( AIF ) . In July 1917 he was posted to France as a temporary Warrant Officer in the 3rd Division Artillery . In 1918 , he was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal for gallantry and reached the rank of corporal . The death of his father later in the year led to his repatriation from Britain and prevented his appearance with the AIF cricket team .
The goal was to begin construction in 1966 , and complete the interchange in 1969 . There were concerns about a $ 3 billion shortfall in funding during May 1966 , which caused the San Diego Chamber of Commerce Highway Committee to recommend the completion of SR 109 as a project . Construction had begun on September 22 , 1966 , and the interchange was to replace the intersection of Pacific Highway and Rosecrans Street . The cost of the interchange was projected to be $ 10.86 million . The eight lane freeway was projected to relieve traffic in the Frontier Street area coming from the San Diego Sports Arena .
The winner of the wild card bout would then be included in the quarterfinal round of eight fighters . This format proved highly successful for middleweight fighter Kris McCray , who took part in season 11 's wild card bout . Having lost his opening match in the house , he won the wild card bout to reach the quarter finals and went on to win his next two bouts , reaching the tournament final . The wild card bout was instituted one last time in season 13 , which only featured 14 fighters in the house & no preliminary fights .
There , he rose to the position of general manager . Shortly after starting work at Hutchinson 's , Brunner met the German born chemist Ludwig Mond . In 1873 Brunner formed a partnership with Mond and together they founded Brunner Mond & Company . Their initial capital was less than £ 20,000 ( £ 1.6 million in 2016 ) , most of which was borrowed . In April 1872 Mond had been to Belgium to meet Ernest Solvay to negotiate terms to manufacture alkali by the process Solvay had developed . The Solvay process produced soda ash more cheaply than the established Leblanc process , from raw materials which were more easily obtainable , and produced fewer waste products .
" Backwoods " details the history of rock and roll . Kiedis said that " Love Trilogy " became one of the group 's all time favorite songs ; it is about " loving the things that aren 't necessarily perfect or always lovable " . He explained that " For years , whenever someone would question our lyrics , Flea would say , ' Read ' Love Trilogy ' and you 'll know what real lyrics are all about . ' " EMI originally refused to release the album unless the Chili Peppers changed the name of the song " Party on Your Pussy " ; the band subsequently renamed the song " Special Secret Song Inside " .
In addition , US 1 / 9 Truck was created as a truck bypass of the Pulaski Skyway , replacing Route 25T , and US 1 / 9 Business ( now Route 139 ) was signed along the former Route 25 approach to the Holland Tunnel . After the Garden State Parkway was completed through the Toms River area in 1954 , US 9 was moved to it to bypass the center of the community and the former route became US 9 Alternate ( now Route 166 ) . Also in 1954 , a new bridge for the Garden State Parkway was built over the Mullica River at the site of the US 9 bridge ; the old bridge carrying US 9 was dismantled , and the route was designated to follow the Garden State Parkway over the Mullica River from two interchanges .
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , as well as the two Disney films to follow it , were also influenced by such German expressionist films as Nosferatu ( 1922 ) and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ( 1919 ) , both of which were recommended by Disney to his staff . This influence is particularly evident in the scenes of Snow White fleeing through the forest and the Queen 's transformation into the Witch . The latter scene was also inspired by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ( 1931 ) , to which Disney made specific reference in story meetings .
Zeckendorf loved the design and even showed it off to Le Corbusier when they met . The cost of such an unusual design was too high , however , and the building never moved beyond the model stage . Pei finally saw his architecture come to life in 1949 , when he designed a two story corporate building for Gulf Oil in Atlanta , Georgia . The building was demolished in February 2013 although the front facade will be retained as part of an apartment development . His use of marble for the exterior curtain wall brought praise from the journal Architectural Forum .
The main groups of modern spiders , Mygalomorphae and Araneomorphae , first appeared in the Triassic period , before 200 million years ago . A herbivorous species , Bagheera kiplingi , was described in 2008 , but all other known species are predators , mostly preying on insects and on other spiders , although a few large species also take birds and lizards . Spiders use a wide range of strategies to capture prey : trapping it in sticky webs , lassoing it with sticky bolas , mimicking the prey to avoid detection , or running it down . Most detect prey mainly by sensing vibrations , but the active hunters have acute vision , and hunters of the genus Portia show signs of intelligence in their choice of tactics and ability to develop new ones .
Shortly after " Fatbeard " was originally broadcast , the site also featured six different types of T shirts and hooded sweatshirts based on the episode . The ending , in which the pirates are each shot to death by American snipers , reflects the resolution of the pirate hijacking of the MV Maersk Alabama in April 2009 , where U.S. Navy SEALs rescued the captain after three snipers simultaneously killed three pirates with one shot each . They are portrayed in a particularly sympathetic light when they are killed during the ending . Travis Fickett of IGN said , " It 's one of those moments where South Park feels the need to give voice to a side the media is ignoring — and points out that things aren 't quite as cut and dry [ sic ] as we might like .
Located at an elevation of 978 feet ( 298 m ) above sea level , it rises approximately 230 feet ( 70 m ) over the nearby floodplain of the Chemung River . The hill is located in South Waverly , Pennsylvania , in Bradford County , just south of the state border with New York , inside of territory once occupied by the Susquehannock people . It has been acknowledged and studied by historians and archaeologists for over two hundred years . The source of the name is unknown , but individuals traveling through the area between 1795 and 1804 described " Spanish Ramparts " as a feature of the hill , and some of the earliest settlers to the region report that local Native Americans referred to the hill either as " Hispan " or " Espan .
The earliest Syriac source is the 7th century writer John bar Penkaye . According to Hossein Nasr , the earliest European literature often refers to Muhammad unfavorably . A few learned circles of Middle Ages Europe – primarily Latin literate scholars – had access to fairly extensive biographical material about Muhammad . They interpreted the biography through a Christian religious filter ; one that viewed Muhammad as a person who seduced the Saracens into his submission under religious guise . Popular European literature of the time portrayed Muhammad as though he were worshipped by Muslims , similar to an idol or a heathen god .
Kelly 's Directory of 1847 noted : " Datchet is separated from Windsor by the river Thames , over which is a very singular bridge ; one half of it is kept in repair by the county of Bucks and the other half by Berks . The former has a wooden railing and the latter an iron one , suspended by chains , but neither the Bucks nor Berks sides touch each other . " Even during the building the counties would not work together and had to be ordered by the Lord Chancellor to " proceed in such a manner as not to impede each other " .
It later became a signature part of the opening stages of the Love , Lust , Faith and Dreams Tour which followed , usually appearing as the ultimate song or during the encore . Throughout the tour , Jared Leto chose audience members to join Thirty Seconds to Mars on stage for " Up in the Air " . The song was later moved to the beginning of the setlist as a set opener along with " O Fortuna " , a movement from Carl Orff 's scenic cantata Carmina Burana . Fans and critics responded favorably to the song in a live setting .
Pythagoras 's theorem enables construction of incommensurable lengths because the hypotenuse of a triangle is related to the sides by the square root operation . The figure on the right shows how to construct line segments whose lengths are in the ratio of the square root of any positive integer . Each triangle has a side ( labeled " 1 " ) that is the chosen unit for measurement . In each right triangle , Pythagoras 's theorem establishes the length of the hypotenuse in terms of this unit . If a hypotenuse is related to the unit by the square root of a positive integer that is not a perfect square , it is a realization of a length incommensurable with the unit , such as √ 2 , √ 3 , √ 5 .
During World War I she was requisitioned by the United States Navy and commissioned as USS Pennsylvanian ( ID 3511 ) in September 1918 , and renamed two months later to USS Scranton . After her naval service , her original name of Pennsylvanian was restored . Pennsylvanian was built by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships for the American Hawaiian Steamship Company , and was employed in inter coastal service via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and the Panama Canal after it opened . Pennsylvanian was one of the first two steamships to travel eastbound through the canal when it opened in August 1914 .
Walter was nominated for a Golden Globe Best Actress Award ( Drama ) , for her performance in the film . I know what you 're thinking – " Did he fire six shots or only five ? " Well , to tell you the truth , in all this excitement , I 've kinda lost track myself . But , being as this is a .44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the world and would blow your head clean off , you 've got to ask yourself one question : " Do I feel lucky ? " Well , do you , punk ?
The song was released on December 1 , 2014 . It was originally intended to be featured on Stefani 's third studio album This Is What the Truth Feels Like , but it was scrapped in favor of new material . Stefani wrote " Spark the Fire " in collaboration with the song 's producer Pharrell Williams . It is a dance pop and hip hop track that incorporates funk . Along with the previous single , " Baby Don 't Lie " , the track was marketed as Stefani 's musical comeback as a solo artist . Critical responses to " Spark the Fire " were mixed with critics negatively comparing it to Stefani and Williams ' previous collaboration " Hollaback Girl " , while others favored it compared to " Baby Don 't Lie " .
" From that point on , Reich 's work came increasingly to the attention of the authorities . Reich established the Orgonomic Infant Research Center ( OIRC ) in 1950 , with the aim of preventing muscular armouring in children from birth . Meetings were held in the basement of his house in Forest Hills . Turner wrote that several children who were treated by OIRC therapists later said they had been sexually abused by the therapists , although not by Reich . One woman said she was assaulted by one of Reich 's associates when she was five years old .
Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote a very positive review of the episode , writing , " ' Signs and Wonders ' is a clever episode whose serpentine plot twists will leave many viewers genuinely surprised . Although a bit overly reliant on the alleged shock value of snakes , the episode establishes , more firmly than any before it , the demonic nature of some of the powers at work in The X Files . " Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed awarded the episode 5 out of 5 stars and called the episode , " one of the scariest episodes of season 7 " before noting that the episode " really creeped me out .
It contains office and retail space and a 350 space garage . Tishman Speyer acquired the property in 2004 and renamed the adjacent USG Building as Franklin Center in 2007 after USG relocated its offices . The name was later applied to the entire complex . A 1982 consent decree split the American Telephone & Telegraph Company monopoly into several entities with local service providers becoming part of a Regional Bell Operating Company . In the decade that followed , AT & T erected new buildings across the country including the AT & T Building in New York City . April 5 , 1985 , AT & T issued a request for proposals that produced eleven respondents .
" In the United States , it entered Billboard 's Top Music Video chart at the top , selling 26,000 copies of the DVD — the greatest total for a music video since Beyoncé Knowles ' I Am ... World Tour live CD / DVD sold 37,000 and 31,000 copies in its first two weeks in November and December 2010 , and held this title until the release of Adele 's Live at the Royal Albert Hall . Its final appearance on the chart was for the issue dated November 30 , 2013 , where upon it tallied a total of 64 weeks in side the chart .
It uses spruce , larch , Scots pine , silver fir and mountain pine , and in man made landscapes also introduced conifers such as douglas fir . Breeding densities of up to 591 pairs per square km ( 1,530 pairs per square mile ) have been recorded in Norway spruce in Ireland , and goldcrests constituted over 60 % of all birds found in Welsh Douglas fir and Norway spruce plantations . Broad leaved woods are used , only when some spruce or firs are also present . Sites such as parks and cemeteries are used only when they offer suitable conifers that are not otherwise locally available .
Theme : Guilty pleasures Group performance : " Forget You " Musical guests : Michael Bublé ( " Hollywood " ) and Cheryl Cole ( " Promise This " ) Judges ' votes to eliminate Walsh : Treyc Cohen – said Adeleye had more potential , effectively backing his own act , John Adeleye Minogue : John Adeleye – based on the final showdown performances Cole : John Adeleye – backed her own act , Treyc Cohen Cowell : John Adeleye – based on the final showdown performances Theme : Halloween Group performance : " Livin ' on a Prayer " ( with Bon Jovi ) Musical guests : Bon Jovi with finalists ( " Livin ' on a Prayer " ) , Jamiroquai ( " White Knuckle Ride " ) and Rihanna ( " Only Girl ( In the World ) " ) Judges ' votes to eliminate Cowell : Katie Waissel – backed his own act , Belle Amie Cole : Belle Amie – gave no reason , though effectively backed her own act , Katie Waissel Minogue : Belle Amie – based on the final showdown performance Walsh : Katie Waissel – gave no reason With the acts in the bottom two receiving two votes each , the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote .
Further developments revealed that Goldschmidt was assisted by businessman Robert K. Burtchaell in keeping his molestation of the girl a secret . In return , Goldschmidt gave his support to Burtchaell 's ( unsuccessful ) bid to extend a lease for a houseboat moorage on the Willamette River . Goldschmidt 's rabbi made an appeal in The Oregonian for forgiveness . Although Goldschmidt could no longer be prosecuted for the offense , the Oregon State Bar began an investigation into the matter . Goldschmidt submitted a Form B resignation , which was received by the bar on May 13 , where he says that he is aware that he would not be eligible for readmission .
" The Lodger " was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 12 June 2010 . In the United States , it was broadcast on sister station BBC America on 10 July 2010 . In the UK , overnight figures for the episode were 4.6 million , facing competition from the build up to England 's match in the 2010 FIFA World Cup . When final consolidated ratings were calculated , it showed that the episode was watched by an average of 6.44 million viewers , with 5.98 million on BBC One and a further 0.46 million on a simulcast on BBC HD .
The aircraft assigned to this detachment amassed a total of 20,000 operational flying hours by March 2010 . An American contractor travelling on an Australian C 130 in Iraq was killed on 27 June 2004 when the aircraft was struck by gunfire shortly after it took off from Baghdad . RAAF C 130s continued to support operations in and around Australia during the early 2000s . During April 2003 a C 130 formed part of the force that tracked the North Korean freighter Pong Su before it was boarded by special forces personnel off the coast of New South Wales .
The former St Michael 's Church , which is now a heritage centre , includes part of Bridge Street Row in the lowest stage of its tower . A remaining example of a section of a Row with a building between the walkway and the street is No. 22 Eastgate Street . Since 1995 access to the Rows has been improved by a pedestrianisation scheme , which affects all the streets containing Rows . Most vehicles are prohibited from using the area between 08 : 00 and 18 : 00 , although unloading is allowed until 10 : 30 and from 16 : 30 .
This is known as antigen presentation . However , the epitopes ( conformational epitopes ) that are recognized by the B cell prior to their digestion may not be the same as that presented to the T helper cell . Additionally , a B cell may present different peptides complexed to different MHC II molecules . The CD 4 + cells through their T cell receptor CD3 complex recognize the epitope bound MHC II molecules on the surface of the antigen presenting cells , and get ' activated ' . Upon this activation , these T cells proliferate and differentiate into Th2 cells .
This forced Bakjur to relinquish his post on 29 October and retreat with his followers north to ar Raqqah on the Euphrates . Mufarrij and his men followed Bakjur , and in 989 are recorded as attacking yet another Hajj caravan in north Arabia . It was only after the death of Ibn Killis in 991 , that Mufarrij was able to return to Palestine . Ibn Killis had remained implacably opposed to Mufarrij , whom he regarded a dangerous individual : even on his deathbed , the vizier had urged al Aziz to have Mufarrij executed should he fall into Fatimid hands , but in the event , the Caliph gave the Jarrahid a full pardon .
1117 – c.1131 ) was a popular French religious teacher , who is called a heresiarch ( leader of a heretical movement ) by the Roman Catholic Church because he criticized infant baptism , opposed the erecting of churches and the veneration of crosses , opposed the doctrine of transubstantiation , and denied the efficacy of prayers for the dead . An angry mob killed him in or around the year 1131 . Information concerning Peter of Bruys is derived from two extant sources , the treatise of Peter the Venerable against his followers and from a passage written by Peter Abelard .
The music then switched to a medley of his songs , like " Billie Jean " and " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " , and the impersonator worked through his moves , including the moonwalk as well as the spinning and gyrating . Madonna clapped her hands , swayed from side to side and jumped up and down while images of Jackson over the years flashed on a big screen . After the performance , Madonna told the crowd , " Let 's give it up for one of the greatest artists the world has ever known , " and the crowd applauded .
RE 2 , along with Recreational Road 255 , became the first routes designated as " recreational roads " by the Texas State Highway Department . However , both highways still had to be approved by the Highway Department 's Administration Circle ; RE 255 was approved on April 15 , 1970 , making it the first official highway . RE 2 was approved by the Administration Circle on June 1 , 1970 , making it the second route officially designated as a recreational road . Since RE 2 's designation , each recreational road has been numbered sequentially . Between 1970 and 1972 , the highway was paved , and the concrete dips replaced with drainage pipes .
In 1840 , a border conflict with Missouri called the Honey War took place . He received the military title of Major and helped capture a sheriff . No battle took place , and the two states compromised on the border issue . Hastings married Azalea Brodt on June 10 , 1840 , in Muscatine , Iowa . They had two children while living in Muscatine , Marshall and Clara L. He was elected to the Legislative Council that year , representing Muscatine County and Johnson County again , and served from November 3 , 1840 to January 15 , 1841 .
The club finished the season bottom of the Conference and was relegated back to the Southern League Premier Division . The club 's ongoing financial problems led to it entering a Company Voluntary Arrangement ( CVA ) , a process by which insolvent companies offset their debts against future profits , due to debts that were now estimated at £ 400,000 . In Dover 's first season back in the Southern League Premier Division the Whites finished in third place , albeit 17 points adrift of Tamworth , who claimed the one promotion place available that season . A poor start to the following season saw Walker replaced by Richard Langley .
Miller filed for divorce from Thorpe in 1925 , claiming desertion . In 1926 Thorpe married Freeda Verona Kirkpatrick ( September 19 , 1905 – March 2 , 2007 ) . She was working for the manager of the baseball team for which he was playing at the time . They had four sons : Carl Phillip ( May 1 , 1927 – March 18 , 1986 ) , a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army , William K. , Richard A. and John R. " Jack " ( June 29 , 1937 – February 22 , 2011 ) . Kirkpatrick divorced Thorpe in 1941 after 15 years of marriage .
In Canada 's St. Elias Mountains , a frozen extraterrestrial body is discovered by an expedition team . Professor Arlinsky , the team 's leader , sends ice core samples containing presumably alien DNA to Fox Mulder . Both Mulder and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) eventually meet Michael Kritschgau ( John Finn ) , a Defense Department employee who claims that everything Mulder thinks he knows about aliens is a lie . Kritschgau tells Mulder that his sister Samantha Mulder 's abduction was fabricated , that all evidence of alien biology are merely scientific anomalies , and that the alien body discovered in Canada was fake .
He set several long standing records for his country , including captaining Wales 18 times , a number eventually surpassed by Ieuan Evans in 1994 . Gould played 25 matches at centre for Wales , a record that stood until beaten by Steve Fenwick in 1980 . He was also the most capped Welsh player , with 27 , at the time of his retirement . Gould was inducted into the Welsh Sports Hall of Fame in June 2007 ; members of Gould 's family were in attendance including his granddaughter Mary Hales . When Newport RFC set up their own hall of fame in 2012 the first person inaugurated was Gould .
It was , at the very least , one of the hardest working shows likely to be witnessed on a stage this year , and with barely a drop of minutely choreographed sweat to be seen . " The tour received a nomination in the category for Choice Summer Tour at the 2013 Teen Choice Summer Tour losing to One Direction 's Take Me Home Tour . It was also nominated for Concert Marketing & Promotion Award and Eventful Fans ' Choice Award at the 2013 Billboard Music Awards . The tour is nominated in the category for Best Tour at the 2014 Billboard Mid Year Music Awards .
The eighth match was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between then World Heavyweight Champion The Great Khali , Batista , and Kane . In the beginning , Khali dominated most of the match , applying a nerve hold on Kane and beating down Batista . Khali also gave both of them separate Chokelslams , which led to both of them leaving the ring . In the outside they both tried to give Khali their separate finishers , Kane tried for the Chokeslam and Batista for the Batista Bomb , but Khali countered them both . Batista and Kane double teamed Khali after trying to put him down .
This appointment strengthened the collaboration between Himmler and Heydrich , and Himmler was proud to have SS control over a state . Despite having direct access to Hitler , Heydrich 's loyalty to Himmler remained firm . With Hitler 's approval , Himmler re established the Einsatzgruppen in the lead up to the planned invasion of the Soviet Union . In March 1941 , Hitler addressed his army leaders , detailing his intention to smash the Soviet Empire and destroy the Bolshevik intelligentsia and leadership . His special directive , the " Guidelines in Special Spheres re Directive No. 21 ( Operation Barbarossa ) " , read : " In the operations area of the army , the Reichsführer SS has been given special tasks on the orders of the Führer , in order to prepare the political administration .
The largest crater observed on Triton thought to have been created by an impact is a 27 km diameter feature called Mazomba . Although larger craters have been observed , they are generally thought to be volcanic in nature . The few impact craters on Triton are almost all concentrated in the leading hemisphere — that facing the direction of the orbital motion — with the majority concentrated around the equator between 30 ° and 70 ° longitude , resulting from material swept up from orbit around Neptune . Because it orbits with one side permanently facing the planet , astronomers expect that Triton should have fewer impacts on its trailing hemisphere , due to impacts on the leading hemisphere being more frequent and more violent .
The soundtrack was presented at a panel in the Hollywood Music in Media Interactive Conference in 2009 , and was performed as part of the September 26 " A Night in Fantasia 2009 " concert in Sydney , Australia , by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra . Origins contains a large amount of voice acting recorded in the US and the UK . Actors include Tim Russ , Steve Valentine , Kate Mulgrew , Simon Templeman , Mark Rolston , Tim Curry , Adam Howden , Nicola Bertram , and Claudia Black . In total , more than 140 voice actors worked on the game .
In Storybrooke a year later , Zelena disguises herself as Ariel , pretending that she 's still searching for Eric in order to torment Hook with his guilt . It is later revealed that Ariel successfully found Eric on her own and they have been living happily together . Ariel returns briefly in season four episode " Poor Unfortunate Soul . " She rescues Captain Hook from drowning when he falls off the Jolly Roger after altercation with the sea witch Ursula . Ariel explains to Hook through dialogue that Queen Elsa of Arendelle cast a spell to shrink the Jolly Roger into a bottle in order to punish its previous owner , Blackbeard ; Ariel was unknowingly trapped in the spell as well .
The symbol λ is used to mean the wavelength of the signal being transmitted on the line or a section of line of that electrical length . Distributed element filters are mostly used at frequencies above the VHF ( Very High Frequency ) band ( 30 to 300 MHz ) . At these frequencies , the physical length of passive components is a significant fraction of the wavelength of the operating frequency , and it becomes difficult to use the conventional lumped element model . The exact point at which distributed element modelling becomes necessary depends on the particular design under consideration .
On 12 February 1991 , at a distance of 14.4 AU ( 2.15 × 109 km ) from the Sun , Halley displayed an outburst that lasted for several months , releasing a cloud of dust 300,000 km across . The outburst likely started in December 1990 , and then the comet brightened from magnitude 24.3 to magnitude 18.9 . Halley was most recently observed in 2003 by three of the Very Large Telescopes at Paranal , Chile , when Halley 's magnitude was 28.2 . The telescopes observed Halley , at the faintest and farthest any comet has ever been imaged , in order to verify a method for finding very faint trans Neptunian objects .
Within the lysosome , the antigen is broken down into smaller pieces called peptides by proteases ( enzymes that degrade larger proteins ) . The individual peptides are then complexed with major histocompatibility complex class II ( MHC class II ) molecules located in the lysosome – this method of " handling " the antigen is known as the exogenous or endocytic pathway of antigen processing in contrast to the endogenous or cytosolic pathway , which complexes the abnormal proteins produced within the cell ( e.g. under the influence of a viral infection or in a tumor cell ) with MHC class I molecules .
" No Time for It " received mixed responses from music critics . Jeff Benjamin of Fuse praised " No Time for It " as a " lush kiss off track " . Benjamin described the song as embodying the " same feisty attitude we know and love Tasia for " and indicated " a ton of promise " for the release of its parent album . Matthew Scott Donnelly commended the song as " setting a brand new era into motion " , calling it " breezy yet declarative " and " a here I am declaration " . A critic from the Omaha World Herald praised Fantasia for " her powerful , soulful vocals " and described the song as showing her " in the midst of an R & B resurgence " .
In an interview with Fred Bronson , Walter Afanasieff made the following statements regarding the video for " One Sweet Day " : " It was crazy ! They had film crews and video guys , while I 'm at the board trying to produce . And these guys were running around having a ball , because Mariah and them are laughing and screaming and they 're being interviewed . And I 'm tapping people on the shoulder . " We 've got to get to the microphone ! " They 're gone in a couple of hours , so I recorded everything they did , praying that it was enough .
She had initially made a list of 33 complaints about the school . Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts with the first overall pick of the 1998 NFL draft . He would start as a rookie and go on to play for the Colts for 13 full seasons before being sidelined by a neck injury , which cost him the entire 2011 season . After recovering from the injury , he joined the Denver Broncos for whom he played from the 2012 season through the 2015 season . Excluding the year lost to injury , Manning played in 17 NFL seasons .
The equation governing the decay of a radioactive isotope is : <formula> where N0 is the number of atoms of the isotope in the original sample ( at time t = 0 , when the organism from which the sample was taken died ) , and N is the number of atoms left after time t. λ is a constant that depends on the particular isotope ; for a given isotope it is equal to the reciprocal of the mean life – i.e. the average or expected time a given atom will survive before undergoing radioactive decay . The mean life , denoted by τ , of 14C is 8,267 years , so the equation above can be rewritten as : <formula> The sample is assumed to have originally had the same 14C / 12C ratio as the ratio in the atmosphere , and since the size of the sample is known , the total number of atoms in the sample can be calculated , yielding N0 , the number of 14C atoms in the original sample .
Meare Pool was formed by water ponding up behind the raised peat bogs between the Wedmore and the Polden Hills , and coring has shown that it is filled with at least 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) of detritus mud , especially in the Subatlantic climatic period ( 1st millennium BC ) . Early drainage work was carried out in the later years of the 12th century , with the responsibility for maintaining all the watercourses between Glastonbury and the sea being placed on named individuals among whom were Ralph de Sancta Barbara of Brentmarsh . Its precise boundaries varied according to season , and , over the longer term , as efforts were made to drain the area .
Christopher Livingston started working on Concerned as a hobby . He had previously considered developing a webcomic that would parallel the storyline of the original 1987 Legend of Zelda , for the Nintendo Entertainment System , from start to finish . He chose the Half Life 2 game world as the scene for his comic because he was a fan , and because the availability of Garry 's Mod eliminated the need to draw by hand . He always intended the plot of the comic to end at the same point as the game . Livingston thought a comic would be a good way to introduce humor to the game , which he has described as " mysterious , moody , [ and ] immersive " .
During the 1894 maneuvers , von Diederich 's II Division acted as the opposing force in the Baltic , simulating a Russian fleet attacking Germany 's Baltic coast . Following the conclusion of maneuvers in September , Admiral Diederichs left the squadron and was replaced by Admiral Karl Barandon . In 1895 , König Wilhelm went into drydock at the Blohm and Voss shipyard in Hamburg for an extensive reconstruction into an armored cruiser . The vessel 's armament was increased , the ship rig was removed , and new fighting masts were installed in place of the old masts .
By 15 , Luongo was playing midget with Montreal Bourassa , the same team that produced NHL Quebecer goalies Brodeur and Félix Potvin . Luongo has credited Hall of Fame goaltender Grant Fuhr as his inspiration growing up , citing an admiration for his " spectacular glove saves " . He had the opportunity to first meet Fuhr before a game against the Calgary Flames during his rookie season with the Islanders . The Val d 'Or Foreurs made Luongo the highest drafted goaltender in QMJHL history at second overall in 1995 . He began his junior career in the 1995 – 96 season with Val d 'Or and posted six wins in 23 games played .
Thom played an important role in the development of penicillin in World War II . Thom was born in Minonk , Illinois in 1872 , the fifth of six boys . His parents were Angus Sutherland Thom and Louisa ( Herick ) Thom , Scottish / Irish farmers who had settled in Illinois shortly before the American Civil War . Charles Thom was raised in a strongly religious household ; his father was an elder in the Presbyterian church . Thom upheld Presbyterian values throughout his life , kept active in church affairs , and became a staunch prohibitionist . His early years spent working on his father 's farm instilled the value of a strong work ethic , and first hand knowledge of agricultural practices that would prove useful in his later career .
It had long , curved tusks and four molars , which were replaced six times during the lifetime of an individual . It most likely used its tusks and trunk like modern elephants — for manipulating objects , fighting , and foraging . Bones , hair , dung and stomach contents have been discovered , but no preserved carcasses are known . The Columbian mammoth preferred open areas , such as parkland landscapes , and fed on sedge , grass , and other plants . It did not live in the Arctic regions of Canada , which were instead inhabited by woolly mammoths .
A second American organisation , founded in 1951 as " The Bernard Shaw Society " , remains active as of 2016 . More recent societies have been established in Japan and India . Besides his collected music criticism , Shaw has left a varied musical legacy , not all of it of his choosing . Despite his dislike of having his work adapted for the musical theatre ( " my plays set themselves to a verbal music of their own " ) two of his plays were turned into musical comedies : Arms and the Man was the basis of The Chocolate Soldier in 1908 , with music by Oscar Straus , and Pygmalion was adapted in 1956 as My Fair Lady with book and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe .
Recent research has shown that medullary tissue is never found in crocodiles , which are thought to be the closest living relatives of dinosaurs , aside from birds . The shared presence of medullary tissue in birds and theropod dinosaurs is further evidence of the close evolutionary relationship between the two . Modern representations in museums , art , and film show Tyrannosaurus rex with its body approximately parallel to the ground and tail extended behind the body to balance the head . Like many bipedal dinosaurs , Tyrannosaurus rex was historically depicted as a ' living tripod ' , with the body at 45 degrees or less from the vertical and the tail dragging along the ground , similar to a kangaroo .
Recording Recorded at Roc the Mic Studios , New York City ; New York ; Westlake Recording Studios , Los Angeles , California ; The Hide Out Studios , London , United Kingdom Personnel Credits adapted from the liner notes of Talk That Talk , Def Jam Recordings , SRP Records . Upon the release of Talk That Talk , due to digital downloads , " Roc Me Out " charted in lower regions on the singles charts in South Korea and the United Kingdom . It debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 73 on November 26 , 2011 , with sales of 6,444 digital copies .
But after that , I think we 're looking to do some shows starting in March . Maybe local around here , maybe even some Mardi Gras gigs . But yeah , last week we sat around and they played me some new stuff they 're working on , and it sounds good . Sounds like it 's got a lot of promise , and really they just need me in the fuckin ' practice room . So all this is going to happen this year . It has to happen . I know there 's a responsibility here . Down has a fanbase and they are very very very loyal .
His citation read : Brilliant work in Pathology – the result of eighteen months of patient and skilful work in the laboratory of the 14th Australian General Hospital . His work on Bilharzia will be of untold value to the civilian population of Egypt . Fairley was one of a number of AIF officers granted leave " to visit various hospitals in the United Kingdom so that they become conversant with the latest developments in the medical sciences " . For a time , he worked for Martin at the Lister Institute in London where he qualified for membership of the Royal College of Physicians of London .
Toropov estimated that the ship should have displaced at least 8,880 tons . Chikhachov admitted the fact and presented the two options to the NTC . The admiral himself and the active fleet commanders voted for the 12 inch caliber , which had already become a worldwide battleship standard , but the NTC strongly advised against it . The Navy brass spent April and May 1893 in lengthy debates . They agreed to increase displacement to 8,880 tons and were leaning toward accepting 12 inch guns when General Admiral Grand Duke Alexey resolved the discussion in favor of the smaller caliber .
They mostly forage on the ground or in shrubs that are less than two metres above the ground ; this has been termed ' hop searching ' . Unusually for fairywrens , they may also occasionally forage in the canopy of flowering gums . Birds tend to stick fairly close to cover and forage in groups as this foraging practice does render them vulnerable to a range of predators . Food can be scarce in winter and ants are an important ' last resort ' option , constituting a much higher proportion of the diet . Adult fairywrens feed their young a different diet , conveying larger items such as caterpillars and grasshoppers to nestlings .
Around that time , Gerry began undergoing rapid deepening , becoming an intense tropical cyclone early on February 13 while developing a well defined eye and outflow . That day , the cyclone passed about 120 km ( 75 mi ) east of Mauritius . At that time , the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 195 km / h ( 120 mph ) , and MFR estimated peak 10 minute winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) . Subsequently , Gerry began weakening due to increasing wind shear , with the eye becoming disorganized . Later , the convection separated from the deepest convection , and the cyclone weakened to tropical storm status on February 14 .
The highest point is Pumlumon at 2,467 feet ( 752 m ) , other Marilyns include Pen y Garn and Llan Ddu Fawr . On the slopes of Pumlumon five rivers have their sources : the Severn , the Wye , the Dulas , the Llyfnant and the Rheidol , the last of which meets the Afon Mynach in a 300 feet ( 91 m ) plunge at the Devil 's Bridge chasm . The largest river is the River Teifi which forms the border with Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire for part of its length . The towns of Lampeter , Llandysul , Newcastle Emlyn and Cardigan are all in the Teifi Valley , and each has communities on each side of the river , in different counties .
Viruses are considered by some to be a life form , because they carry genetic material , reproduce , and evolve through natural selection . However they lack key characteristics ( such as cell structure ) that are generally considered necessary to count as life . Because they possess some but not all such qualities , viruses have been described as " organisms at the edge of life " , and as replicators . Viruses spread in many ways ; viruses in plants are often transmitted from plant to plant by insects that feed on plant sap , such as aphids ; viruses in animals can be carried by blood sucking insects .
In 1717 , Baclayon was elevated as a parish . The present stone church constructed under the Jesuits was finished in 1727 . When the Jesuits were expelled in the country in 1768 , the Augustinian Recollects immediately succeeded them in the late part of the same year in administering the spiritual needs of the people of Baclayon . Renovations on the church was done during the administration of Father Pedro de la Encarnación , OAR ( 1839 – 1854 ) , Father Antonio Úbeda , OAR ( 1856 – 1859 , 1861 – 1868 ) and Father José María Cabañas , OAR ( 1870 – 1898 ) .
The game takes place in Dracula 's castle , the most common setting for the series , with the castle divided into numerous areas that the player traverses over the course of the game . The protagonist and primary playable character of Aria of Sorrow is Soma Cruz , a transfer student studying in Japan who possesses the " power of dominance " , which allows him to absorb the souls of monsters and use their abilities . He is initially accompanied by his childhood friend , Mina Hakuba , the daughter of the priest of the Hakuba shrine . Over the course of the game , Soma meets additional characters that aid him in his quest : Genya Arikado , an enigmatic government agent and disguise for Alucard , the son of Dracula ; Yoko Belnades , a witch and member of the Belnades clan ; J , an amnesiac man drawn to Dracula 's castle ; and Hammer , a soldier of the United States Army ordered to investigate the events occurring at Dracula 's castle , although he abandons this mission and sets up a shop to sell Soma equipment ( potions , weapons and the like ) .
A special version of the song was recorded for the film 's end credits in May 2007 , during the final score recording process , which featured vocals from each of the three women most famous for portraying Tracy Turnblad : Ricki Lake from the 1988 film , Marissa Jaret Winokur from the original Broadway cast , and Nikki Blonsky from the 2007 film . Harvey Fierstein , who portrayed Edna as part of the original Broadway cast , has a brief cameo moment in the end credits version of the song as well . " It Takes Two " , a solo for Link , was moved from its place in the stage musical ( on Tracy 's first day on The Corny Collins Show ) to an earlier Corny Collins scene , although only the coda of the song is used in the final release print , and the song 's background music can be heard immediately after the reprise of " The Nicest Kids in Town " .
Quota laws in the UK meant that US films had to have a British supporting feature , so it was in the American studios ' interests to fund these features to recover a greater proportion of the box office receipts . The first draft of the screenplay was written by Richard Landau , an American who had worked on six previous Hammer productions , including Spaceways ( 1953 ) , one of the company 's first forays into science fiction . Landau made significant changes in condensing the action to less than half the length of the original teleplay . For instance , the opening thirty minutes of the television version are covered in just two minutes in the film .
The following individuals have been inducted into the WVU Sports Hall of Fame for their contributions to the Mountaineer football program : WVU has produced a total of 180 NFL draft selections . This section accounts for past and present West Virginia University football players that have participated in the National Football League . As of June 2016 , a total of 29 Mountaineers were listed on team rosters in the NFL . Among the numerous Mountaineers that have participated in the NFL , a total of 32 have received all star or Pro Bowl recognition . Of West Virginia 's 181 players selected in the NFL draft , 12 Mountaineers have been selected in the first round .
" The regime 's use of mass arrests , murder , torture and imprisonment has failed to extinguish our desire for the freedom that was stolen from us so many years ago . We have taken their best punch " , he wrote in the Post . The day that the editorials appeared , Gambira was arrested in Sagaing Region . His father was arrested as well and detained in Mandalay prison for a month . Gambira stated after his release that authorities had beaten him and deprived him of sleep during his imprisonment , and Human Rights Watch reported that he was " badly tortured " and stripped of his monk 's robes .
The British government had traditionally paid little attention to the poor , but in the wake of the Industrial Revolution attitudes towards the accomplishments of the lower classes were changing . The growth of the railways , the mechanisation of agriculture and the need for labour in the new inner city factories had broken the traditional feudal economy and caused the rapid growth of cities , while increasing literacy rates led to a greater interest in the media and current affairs among ordinary workers . In 1856 the first military honour for bravery open to all ranks , the Victoria Cross , had been instituted , while in 1866 the Albert Medal , the first official honour open to civilians of all classes , was introduced .
Eckfeldt is believed to have made the die from which the 1792 half disme , considered by some the first official U.S. coin , was struck — in 1829 , a visitor to the Mint met Eckfeldt and later described him as " an artist [ who ] made the first die used in it " . Other later accounts document Eckfeldt 's role in this striking : an 1863 auction sold a half disme supposedly given by Eckfeldt to demonstrate his work . Eckfeldt is given as the source for the tradition that the half dismes were struck at the request of President George Washington to be used as presents .
Directly north of the building is the Library Quad , originally known as the East Quadrangle . The approximately 2.6 acre ( 1.1 ha ) area was laid out about 1910 and is part of the Oregon State University Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places in June 2008 . A bell tower , or campanile , was added on the eastern edge of the quad in 2001 . Dedicated to alumnus H. Dean Papé , the 68 foot ( 21 m ) tall tower has five bells and a clock . One of three libraries for Oregon State University , The Valley Library serves as the main library , and is located on the main campus in Corvallis .
" Frozen " was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) in April 1998 , and was ranked at number 32 on the Hot 100 year end chart of the same year . According to Billboard , the song was played 99,000 times in the United States . In Canada , the song reached a peak of number two on the RPM Singles Chart in its seventh week , being held off from the top position by Natalie Imbruglia 's " Torn " . In the United Kingdom , " Frozen " entered the UK Singles Chart at number one on March 7 , 1998 .
The Partisan main force avoided fighting the Black Legion , instead attacking the Chetniks from the rear while they were engaged against Francetić 's troops . The Italian 5th Alpine Division Pusteria utilised Chetnik troops from the Sandžak as auxiliaries during their advance on Čajniče which coincided with the German NDH advance towards the Drina . More pro Chetnik coups occurred in the second half of April . The first was in one of the remaining battalions of the Romanija Partisan Detachment , followed by all three battalions of the Zvijezda Partisan Detachment . The political commissars of every company were killed .
Cultivars produced include ' Tisel ' and ' Tiben ' in 2000 and ' Ores ' , ' Ruben ' and ' Tines ' in 2005 . Further cultivars ' Polares ' and ' Tihope ' are being tested . Since 1991 , New Zealand has become an important centre for research and development , as its temperate climate is particularly suitable for cultivation of the crop . Breeding programmes are concentrating on yield , large fruit size , consistency of cropping and upright habit . In North America , there is a need for this fruit to have resistance to white pine blister rust .
In 1876 , methylene blue was synthesized by German chemist Heinrich Caro . Paul Ehrlich in 1880 described the use of " neutral " dyes – mixtures of acidic and basic dyes for the differentiation of cells in peripheral blood smears . In 1891 Ernst Malachowski and Dmitri Leonidovich Romanowsky independently developed techniques using a mixture of Eosin Y and modified methylene blue ( methylene azure ) that produced a surprising hue unattributable to either staining component : a shade of purple . Malachowski used alkali treated methylene blue solutions and Romanowsky used methylene blue solutions which were molded or aged .
While the pathways can mechanistically vary , the ability of organisms to perform homologous recombination is universally conserved across all domains of life . Based on the similarity of their amino acid sequences , homologs of a number of proteins can be found in multiple domains of life indicating that they evolved a long time ago , and have since diverged from common ancestral proteins . RecA recombinase family members are found in almost all organisms with RecA in bacteria , Rad51 and DMC1 in eukaryotes , RadA in archaea , and UvsX in T4 phage . Related single stranded binding proteins that are important for homologous recombination , and many other processes , are also found in all domains of life .
Elias developed a consuming obsession with the opposing forces of good and evil , awakened at an early age due to the loss of his father at the beginning of World War I ; early writings attest to the young poet 's disgust and disenchantment with human existence . This is best manifested in a poem entitled Qathoora ( Defilement ) . Abu Shabaki 's stances and the subjects he treated were considered provocative and scandalous at the time . He forthrightly and fearlessly confronted matters of sin , sexuality and immorality in a deeply personal manner . Even though he was one of the first Arab literary figures to bluntly address these taboo issues , Abu Shabaki drew praise for his innovative style .
It captured the bridge over the Moscow Volga Canal as well as the railway station , which marked the farthest eastern advance of German forces . But in spite of the progress made , the Wehrmacht was not equipped for winter warfare , and the bitter cold caused severe problems for their guns and equipment . Furthermore , weather conditions grounded the Luftwaffe from conducting any large scale operations . Newly created Soviet units near Moscow now numbered over 500,000 men , and on 5 December , they launched a massive counterattack as part of the Battle of Moscow that pushed the Germans back over 320 km ( 200 mi ) .
They contrasted Wollstonecraft 's " passion " with Burke 's " reason " and spoke condescendingly of the text and its female author . This analysis of the Rights of Men prevailed until the 1970s , when feminist scholars began to read Wollstonecraft 's texts with more care and called attention to their intellectualism . A Vindication of the Rights of Men was written against the backdrop of the French Revolution and the debates that it provoked in Britain . In a lively and sometimes vicious pamphlet war , now referred to as the Revolution Controversy , which lasted from 1789 until the end of 1795 , British political commentators argued over the validity of monarchy .
Short in stature and slightly built , Hansell worked at being an athlete , becoming proficient in tennis , polo , and squash . Socially , he was a noted dancer , and acquired a reputation as " the unofficial poet laureate of the Air Corps . " He was fond of Gilbert and Sullivan , Shakespeare , and Miguel Cervantes ’ Don Quixote . General Ira C. Eaker described him as " nervous and high strung , " and one biographer noted several incidents of imperious temper in social situations . However his correspondence secretary during World War II , T / Sgt. James Cooper , described him as " pleasant and diplomatic , " and an aviation historian described him as " a forward looking optimist with a sense of humor .
With the double points gained with his win Quintana secured the mountains classification . The final stage was won by Kittel on the Champs Élysées , his fourth stage win of the race . Froome finished the race to claim his first Tour de France , becoming the second British rider to win the race . He beat second placed Quintana by four minutes and twenty seconds , with Rodríguez third , a further forty four seconds down . Sagan won his second consecutive points classification with a total of 409 , 100 ahead of Cavendish in second . Froome placed second behind Quintana in the mountains classification , with Rolland third .
George later stated that the couple had sex only three times , and that the Princess had commented on how large his penis was , leading him to conclude that she must have had a basis for comparison and so was most likely not a virgin . Caroline on the other hand later hinted that the Prince was impotent . The royal couple separated within weeks , though they remained under the same roof . One day short of nine months after the wedding , Caroline gave birth to a daughter . Charlotte was born at the Prince 's residence , Carlton House , London , on 7 January 1796 .
Coker attended Rutgers University from 1961 – 1963 , where he also wrestled . While at Rutgers , he participated in an aviation officer cadet program and was commissioned an Ensign in the United States Navy . After his release from Vietnam , he returned to college and graduated from the University of San Diego in 1976 with a BS in political science . He studied education and mathematics at Old Dominion University from 1982 to 1986 . Coker is married and has three children ; two daughters and a son . Coker grew up in Linden , New Jersey and became an Eagle Scout in Troop 32 of Saint Elizabeth 's Catholic Church in Linden on January 27 , 1959 .
From the summer of 1940 to the spring of 1943 , Birmingham was bombed heavily by the German Luftwaffe in what is known as the Birmingham Blitz . The damage done to the city 's infrastructure , in addition to a deliberate policy of demolition and new building by planners , led to extensive demolition and redevelopment in subsequent decades . Today Birmingham 's economy is dominated by the service sector . The city is a major international commercial centre , ranked as a beta − world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ; and an important transport , retail , events and conference hub .
" On 18 August 2011 , the AFI announced , in a special event at the Sydney Opera House , that the academy would be called the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts ( AACTA ) and the inaugural awards ceremony would be renamed the AACTA Awards , but serve as a continuum to the annual AFI Awards . During the event it was also made known that the president of the inaugural awards would be Geoffrey Rush . On the night a new gold statuette was revealed , created by Australian sculptor Ron Gomboc , which depicts " a human silhouette based on the shape of the Southern Cross constellation .
Together with fellow fighter ace Georg Peter Eder , Mayer developed the head on attack as the most effective tactic against the Allied daylight heavy combat box bomber formations . He received the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 16 April 1943 after 63 victories . On 1 July 1943 , he replaced Walter Oesau as Geschwaderkommodore ( wing commander ) of JG 2 " Richthofen " . He claimed his 90th victory on 31 December 1943 and on 5 February 1944 became the first pilot on the Channel Front to reach 100 victories . Mayer was killed in action on 2 March 1944 while leading an attack on a USAAF bomber formation ; he was shot down by P 47 Thunderbolt escort fighters near Montmédy , France .
ADS provided links to these electronic editions from their first appearance . Since about 1995 , the number of ADS users has doubled roughly every two years . ADS now has agreements with almost all astronomical journals , who supply abstracts . Scanned articles from as far back as the early 19th century are available via the service , which now contains over eight million documents . The service is distributed worldwide , with twelve mirror sites in twelve countries on five continents , with the database synchronized by means of weekly updates using rsync , a mirroring utility which allows updates to only the portions of the database which have changed .
By the beginning of the year only a small part-- $ 215 million — of the total funds collected for aid had been spent on permanent housing , with most of it-- $ 1.2 billion — going for short term solutions including tent camps , temporary shelters , and cash grants that paid a year 's rent . A 2013 survey disclosed that of the 1.5 million Haitians living in camps following the quake , about 279,000 remained in a total of 352 camps . Fifteen percent of the camps had no basic protection services , and 48 % no health services .
The upgrades also included a new terminal , which included a café in the second story and seating for 14 people . Ticket sales and check in was managed by NSB Reisebyrå , a subsidiary of the Norwegian State Railways . After five months , Partnair had lost NOK 1.2 million on the route . In average , they were selling three to four tickets per flight to Stavanger , and one to Oslo . From March 1986 , the leg from Notodden to Oslo was dropped and the service to Stavanger reduced . However , the route proved unprofitable and was eventually terminated later the same month .
Schrader retired from the race because of the collision , but Ragan and Jarrett continued . The leaders , including Johnson , made pit stops during the caution . Kurt Busch gained the lead after the pit stops , maintaining it at the lap 341 restart . Six laps later Raines made contact with Skinner , forcing him to collide with the inside wall and prompting the tenth caution . With severe damage to his car 's rear end quarter , Skinner stopped before the start finish line . Kurt Busch maintained his lead at the lap 353 restart , ahead of Johnson and Earnhardt .
Vlasic missed the wild card playoff game against the Oakland Raiders , but was available for the divisional playoff series against the Buffalo Bills . After DeBerg left in the second quarter due to injury , Vlasic entered the game in what was his only playoff appearance . He completed nine of 20 passes for 124 yards and threw four interceptions in a 37 – 14 blowout that marked the end of the Chiefs ' playoff run . Vlasic 's stats for 1991 were 28 completions in 44 attempts , 316 yards , two touchdowns , and a passer rating of 100.2 .
Soon after , the storm began weakening again , and on March 7 Heather exited into the Australian region below tropical cyclone status . The cyclone continued to the southeast , becoming extratropical on March 8 and dissipating the next day in the Great Australian Bight . The final storm of the season formed in the Australian basin , and like Harriet Heather also originated out of the monsoon trough . On April 7 , a tropical low developed northeast of the Cocos Islands , and gradually intensified while moving southward , becoming Tropical Cyclone Jane the next day . The JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 29S .
Leaves , flowers and fruits are seasonally available . On the ground underneath trees there is shade , and often there is undergrowth , leaf litter , fallen branches and / or decaying wood that provide other habitat . Trees stabilise the soil , prevent rapid run off of rain water , help prevent desertification , have a role in climate control and help in the maintenance of biodiversity and ecosystem balance . Many species of tree support their own specialised invertebrates . In their natural habitats , 284 different species of insect have been found on the English oak ( Quercus robur ) and 306 species of invertebrate on the Tasmanian oak ( Eucalyptus obliqua ) .
A reviewer for BBC Comedy said that it " was a characteristically dark end to a show which was never afraid to explore the flip side of the comedy coin . " UKTV Gold 's website says " it was a suitably downbeat end to an equally downbeat man . " Commenting that killing off the protagonist " might seem an odd way for a sitcom to end , " the British Film Institute 's ScreenOnline says that in a series " where comedy and tragedy are so intertwined , it seems entirely appropriate . " The Daily Telegraph described the episode as displaying " an exhilarating flair for rapid change of comic gear " and commented positively on the scene in which pilgrims descend on the Meldrews ' home .
The pilot garments were developed under the Advanced Technology Anti G Suit ( ATAGS ) project and are to protect against chemical / biological hazards and cold water immersion , counter g forces and low pressure at high altitudes , and provide thermal relief . Suspicions regarding the performance of the OBOGS and life support equipment have been raised by several mishaps , including a fatal crash . The Raptor has three internal weapons bays : a large bay on the bottom of the fuselage , and two smaller bays on the sides of the fuselage , aft of the engine intakes .
Other dogs , such as Red Alert and Scrimshaw Placido Flamingo , are also credited with passing on the genes into more than one renowned bloodline . Yellow Labradors Jack Vanderwyk traces the origins of all Chocolate Labradors listed on the LabradorNet database ( some 34,000 Labrador dogs of all shades ) to eight original bloodlines . However , the shade was not seen as a distinct colour until the 20th century ; before then according to Vanderwyk , such dogs can be traced but were not registered . A degree of crossbreeding with Flatcoat or Chesapeake Bay retrievers was also documented in the early 20th century , prior to recognition .
Douglas continued her activism and focused her efforts on restoring the Everglades after declaring that " Conservation is now a dead word ... You can 't conserve what you haven 't got . " Her criticism was directed at two entities she considered were doing the most damage to the Everglades . A coalition of sugarcane growers , named Big Sugar , she accused of polluting Lake Okeechobee by pumping water tainted with chemicals , human waste , and garbage back into the lake , which served as the fresh water source for the Miami metropolitan area . She compared Florida sugarcane agriculture to sugarcane grown in the West Indies , which , she claimed , was more environmentally sound , had a longer harvest cycle less harmful to soil nutrients , and was less expensive for consumers due to the higher sugar content .
He thinks if he spends enough time with Mercy , he 'll win her around " . When Doctor Browning witnessed Riley kiss Mercedes " it becomes a question of how much he can take " and he decided he must " make a quick move " to prevent them reuniting . To do this he takes Mercedes to a shooting range , Thompson explained that there she " realises there 's an undeniable connection between them " . He added that the couple are " kindred spirits " and Mercedes spending time with him made her rethink their relationship .
The name , which means " the Bronze Gate " , was given to it either because of the bronze portals or from the gilded bronze tiles used in its roof . The interior was lavishly decorated with marble and mosaics , and the exterior façade featured a number of statues . Most prominent was an icon of Christ which became a major iconodule symbol during the Byzantine Iconoclasm , and a chapel dedicated to the Christ Chalkites was erected in the 10th century next to the gate . The gate itself seems to have been demolished in the 13th century , but the chapel survived until the early 19th century .
Sunderland completed the signing of Ghana international Asamoah Gyan in August 2010 for a fee around £ 13 million , becoming their new record transfer fee . Sunderland started the next season strongly , this time with a seven match unbeaten run against teams including Manchester City , Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester United . However , the run was ended with a 5 – 1 defeat to local rivals Newcastle United on 31 October 2010 . Sunderland bounced back with another good run , the highlight being a 3 – 0 victory against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . This run left Sunderland challenging for a European qualification place by the end of 2010 .
At this time the 56th Independent Mixed Brigade was the main Japanese combat force in the region , but was in the process of withdrawing inland to defensive positions located around rice growing areas . The 371st Independent Infantry Battalion was destroyed on Labuan by the 24th Brigade during 11 days of at times fierce fighting . The 367th Independent Infantry Battalion retreated from Brunei to the Trusan River as a formed unit , and the 366th Independent Infantry Battalion broke up into small groups as it fought a rearguard action against the Australian 20th Brigade . While Beaufort was attacked by the 24th Brigade , the 368th Independent Infantry Battalion was not involved in its defence .
Although the Seattle Fault passes just south of the city center , neither it nor the Cascadia subduction zone has caused an earthquake since the city 's founding . The Cascadia subduction zone poses the threat of an earthquake of magnitude 9.0 or greater , capable of seriously damaging the city and collapsing many buildings , especially in zones built on fill . According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 142.5 square miles ( 369 km2 ) , 83.9 square miles ( 217 km2 ) of which is land and 58.7 square miles ( 152 km2 ) , water ( 41.16 % of the total area ) .
The Spanish demanded that the Spanish forces then stationed at Brest on the French Atlantic coast return to Spanish waters , and Spanish pressure on Portugal was relaxed . This weakening of the Franco Spanish axis was a significant factor in the Treaty of Amiens in early 1802 that brought the French Revolutionary Wars to a close . Saumarez was lauded in Britain , the success of the second action mitigating the initial defeat . He was awarded the thanks of both Houses of Parliament and made a Knight of the Bath with a pension of £ 1,200 annually ( the equivalent of £ 82,000 as of 2016 ) .. Nearly five decades later , the second battle ( although not the first ) was among the actions recognised by the Naval General Service Medal , awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847 .
Nightcrawler can teleport through walls , but prefers to only teleport when he can see his landing site . On his body are many scarification marks , one for every sin . Cumming had always been Singer 's choice for the role , but at first he was not available due to scheduling conflicts . At some point , Ethan Embry had been reported to be in contention for the role . Ultimately , the film remained in development long enough for Cumming to accept the part . Singer also felt comfortable in casting him since he speaks German fluently .
Even when the poem is in the same hand as the manuscript 's main text , there is little evidence to suggest that it was copied from the same exemplar as the Latin Historia : nearly identical versions of the Old English poem are found in manuscripts belonging to different recensions of the Latin text ; closely related copies of the Latin Historia sometimes contain very different versions of the Old English poem . With the exception of the Old English translation , no single recension of the Historia ecclesiastica is characterised by the presence of a particular recension of the vernacular poem .
Molecular analyses have been similarly equivocal regarding the blacknose shark 's phylogenetic relationships : Gavin Naylor 's 1992 allozyme analysis found this species to be the most basal member of Carcharhinus , while Mine Dosay Abkulut 's 2008 ribosomal DNA analysis indicated affinity between it and the blacktip shark ( C. limbatus ) or the smalltail shark ( C. porosus ) . The whitenose shark ( Nasolamia velox ) , found along the tropical western coast of the Americas , may be descended from blacknose sharks that experienced the teratogenic effects of incipient cyclopia . The blacknose shark inhabits the continental and insular shelves off the eastern coast of the Americas , as far north as North Carolina and as far south as southern Brazil , including the Bahamas , the Gulf of Mexico , and the Caribbean Sea .
Carlo Santos of Anime News Network praised Najika as a likeable protagonist and the characterizations as believable . He enjoyed the plot and recipes , although he wrote that the character designs lacked creativity , and criticized the plot clichés and the antagonists ' weak characterization . He had mixed feelings about the fourth volume 's emphasis on conventional shōjo romance and plot twists at the cost of its cooking aspect . He found the artwork conventional , though able to convey emotion . He wrote that the fifth volume finally balanced the romance and cooking elements , although he disliked the inclusion of a side story , preferring another chapter instead .
Grosjean argues that the best method for resolving the conflicts is to just take 14 July 664 as the date of death , and figure backwards with the length of reign given by Bede , which gives a consecration date of 12 March 655 . Thacker and Abels agree generally , although Thacker does not give a specific consecration date beyond March . Abels adds to Grosjean 's arguments Bede 's association of Deusdedit 's death with that of King Eorcenberht , which Bede gives as occurring on the same day . Bede states that the plague of 664 began soon after the eclipse on 1 May .
Of these , D. capensis exhibits what is probably the most dramatic movement , curling its leaf completely around prey in 30 minutes . Some species , such as D. filiformis , are unable to bend their leaves in response to prey . A further type of ( mostly strong red and yellow ) emergence has recently been discovered in a few Australian species ( D. hartmeyerorum , D. indica ) . Their function is not known yet , although they may help in attracting prey . The leaf morphology of the species within the genus is extremely varied , ranging from the sessile ovate leaves of D. erythrorhiza to the bipinnately divided acicular leaves of D. binata .
On July 30 , The Sunday Times reported that former President Bill Clinton was believed to have warned Lieberman not to run as an independent if he lost the primary to Lamont . Throughout the election , Lamont significantly funded his own campaign , with donations exceeding $ 12.7 million , as he had pledged not to accept money from lobbyists . Lamont won the primary with 51.79 percent of the vote as opposed to Lieberman 's 48.21 percent ; it was the only Senate race in 2006 where an incumbent lost re nomination . In his concession speech , Lieberman announced that he would stand by his prior statements that he 'd run as an independent if he lost the Democratic primary .
Towards the end of the video , they are shown leaving the ball before Buchanan jumps off the balcony and into the water . All three members are shown collectively in the water , which begins to fade out into the sky . The last scene shows the men that were in the mansion walking away . The Sugababes performed " Shape " on GMTV on 20 February 2003 which was the same day of the 2003 BRIT Awards . They performed the song on 30 March 2003 at the Royal Court Theatre in Liverpool . An acoustic version of the song was performed during their tour in support of Three ( 2003 ) , the group 's third studio album .
" This took the form of expulsion of foreigners and destruction or defacement of foreign property . An example of this in Shinan District was St. Michael 's Cathedral , which was badly damaged during the Cultural Revolution which lasted from 1966 to 1971 . During this time St. Michael 's Cathedral was defaced by the Red Guards . The crosses topping the twin steeples were removed , with two Red Guards falling to their deaths during the removal . The Chinese government subsequently repudiated the Cultural Revolution . A major document presented at the September 1979 Fourth Plenum of the Eleventh National Party Congress Central Committee , gave a " preliminary assessment " of the entire 30 year period of Communist rule .
Just because of the sound — if you played it on a ukulele , it might not have been so powerful . " The lyrics of the song are about lust and sex . Dave Davies said of the song 's lyrics , " ' You Really Got Me ' [ is ] such a pure record , really . It 's a love song for street kids . They 're not going to wine and dine you , even if they knew how to chat you up . [ They say ] ' I want you — come here .
The first artistically prestigious film in the annals of Hungarian cinematography was also produced on this site , based on a national classic , Bánk bán ( 1914 ) , a tragedy written by József Katona . Later , the city was the production site of the 1991 Romanian drama Undeva în Est ( " Somewhere in the East " ) , and the 1995 Hungarian language film A Részleg ( " Outpost " ) . Moreover , the Romanian language film Cartier ( " Neighbourhood " , 2001 ) and its sequel Înapoi în cartier ( " Back to the Neighbourhood " , 2006 ) both feature a story replete with violence and rude language , behind the blocks in the city 's Mănăștur district .
On 26 March 1942 , Washington , along with Wasp , Wichita , Tuscaloosa and various smaller ships , sailed to bolster the British Home Fleet . During the voyage , Wilcox fell into the ocean ; he was seen soon after by the destroyer Wilson , face down in the water , but due to rough seas was unable to retrieve the body . It is not known what exactly happened ; he could have simply been caught by a wave and washed overboard , but there has been speculation that he suffered a heart attack . The force reached the main anchorage of the Home Fleet , Scapa Flow , on 4 April .
Wank Week 's mention came as part of a critique of programming that Channel 4 was counting towards its " educational " content . Allen joked that he was expecting Wank Week to be included , " but that could be a hard one to pull off even for Channel 4 . " The pun was subsequently repeated in the press . Criticisms of Wank Week were echoed later in 2006 by Sir Jeremy Isaacs , the first Chief Executive of Channel 4 , in an article for Prospect magazine . Isaacs argued that Channel 4 's increased commercialisation led to a targeting of the 16- to 34 year old audience , and the subsequent " obsession with adolescent transgression and sex " could be seen in programming such as Designer Vaginas , The World 's Biggest Penis and Wank Week .
At this time , Christianization of the region was initiated in earnest , an effort crowned by the establishment of the Pomeranian Wolin Diocese after Bolesław 's death in 1140 . Before he died , Bolesław Krzywousty divided the country , in a limited sense , among four of his sons . He made complex arrangements intended to prevent fratricidal warfare and preserve the Polish state 's formal unity , but after Bolesław 's death the plan 's implementation had failed and in reality a long period of fragmentation was ushered in . For nearly two centuries the Piasts were to spar with each other , the clergy , and the nobility for the control over the divided kingdom .
Richardson died in 1886 and played no part in the planning of Christ Church , but it was his Stonehurst design that inspired Robert Treat Paine , Jr. to use the same stones from his property for the exterior of the church . The church features several stained glass windows of significance . The east window , by Clayton and Bell , was a gift from Robert Treat Paine , Jr. in memory of his wife , Lydia Lyman Paine , who died in 1897 during the construction of the church . At Paine 's request , his wife 's likeness was incorporated into the left panel of the window as a red clad figure kneeling before Christ .
Millepora alcicornis feeds on plankton . The tentacles of the dactylzooids are normally extended all the time . If an object is waved about above the coral , it will cause the tentacles to retract and then the coral can be handled without experiencing the painful stings caused by the cnidocytes . Reproduction is by either asexual or sexual means . Parts of the coral may get detached from the colony by a storm or other means , and some of these fragments may end up in suitable locations to grow into new colonies which will be genetically identical to the parent colony .
The collision resulted in a safety car period , with the order standing : Ricciardo , Verstappen , Sainz , Vettel and Räikkönen . The safety car came in at the end of lap four . Vettel got past Sainz on lap eight and Räikkönen tried to follow suit two laps later , but was forced off track into turn two . He completed the move one lap later at the same spot . Sainz and Button were the first to come into the pits for new tyres on lap 12 , followed by race leader Ricciardo one lap later , making Verstappen the first Dutchman to lead a Grand Prix , before he came in another lap later .
Knyaz Suvorov never regained her position in the battle line and became the primary target of the Japanese for a time . Around 16 : 00 the captain of Imperator Alexandr III , Nikolai Bukhvostov , decided to duplicate Retvizan 's maneuver at the Battle of the Yellow Sea by charging straight for the Japanese battleline in an attempt to focus their attention on his ship rather than Knyaz Suvorov . He was successful , but Imperator Aleksandr III was badly damaged in the process . Borodino now assumed the lead position and turned the fleet to the south where they temporarily managed to disengage in the mist and fog .
Bub and Game Informer 's Jay Fitzloff criticized the craft placement , as the player 's view was often obscured by their own ship . Lopez also gave Iridion low marks , warning that " after the initial ' wow ' wears off , you 'll be stuck with an empty experience . " Edge observed that Iridion is " a sweet number that will entertain , if only for a week or so " . Allgame 's Skyler Miller said Iridion 3D was nothing more than a technology demo and awarded it two out of five stars . A more positive review came from GamePro , whose reviewer summed up his experience by writing that " if you 're looking for some classic shooter action on your new GBA , Iridion 3D will fit the bill nicely without blowing you away .
After maintaining this intensity for roughly 12 hours , the storm abruptly weakened . Within a few hours , maximum winds decreased by 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) to 115 mph ( 185 km / h ) , a low end Category 3 hurricane . The reason for the sudden weakening is unknown ; although the tropical upper tropospheric trough originally located over the storm , providing it with a favorable anticyclonic flow , shifted westward to the International Date Line . Additionally , the storm 's eye became obscured by cirrus clouds . After maintaining Category 3 intensity for 24 hours , the combination of increasing wind shear and degrading outflow , Gilma resumed its weakening trend .
Some of the Gobrecht dollars produced were struck with ' medal alignment ' , meaning that the obverse and reverse images both face upward when the coin is rotated around its vertical axis . For the 1837 production ( which kept the 1836 date ) , Patterson ordered that the coins be struck in coin alignment , the opposite of medal alignment , and the practice with current US coins ( the two faces both are upright when the coin is rotated about its horizontal axis ) . An act of January 18 , 1837 , officially changed the legal standard for silver coins from 89.2 % to 90 % silver .
After the initial German and Italian assault , on the evening of 3 / 4 May the 18th Brigade counter attacked to retake positions lost ; the 2 / 10th was given a supporting role , tasked with carrying out raids deep into the opposing forces ' territory while the 2 / 9th and 2 / 12th Battalions attacked the shoulders of the salient . In the fighting that followed , the 2 / 10th 's casualties were six missing and 15 wounded , but they inflicted heavy casualties upon their enemy before withdrawing back to the " Blue Line " .
The disaster prompted UEFA to ban English clubs from European football for five years . Watched by a crowd of 59,000 , the first half was goalless . Juventus took the lead in the 56th minute when Michel Platini scored from a penalty after Gary Gillespie was adjudged to have brought down Zbigniew Boniek in the penalty area , although the foul was actually committed nearly a yard outside the area and the referee was far from the action . The score remained the same throughout the remainder of the match and Juventus won 1 – 0 , achieving their first European Cup win .
Entering the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 4 at Fenway Park , Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera was attempting to close out a 4 – 3 lead . But after issuing a leadoff walk to Kevin Millar , pinch runner Dave Roberts stole second and came around to score on an RBI single by Bill Mueller . Boston won the game in the bottom of the 12th inning on a home run by David Ortiz . Game 5 featured another extra inning Boston comeback , as the Red Sox tied the game in the 8th inning , and won it in the 14th on a single hit by Ortiz that drove in Damon from second to make it 4 3 Red Sox .
Usher went there . When you ’ re engaging in sexual activity , there are many transitions and this is not about what they look like literally , but what they look like metaphorically . It ’ s about luring people into a situation . Because you have your thoughts on a ménage à trois , but then we ’ re doing it in a non obvious way . " On Minaj and her pairing with Usher , Stansberry said , " [ Nicki ] had a few looks that I really liked . She played the part , but still was her .
The failed expeditionary force led to open warfare between Tiku , who went into hiding in his fortress at Buntu Batu , and Dutch troops . Tiku kept spies on the Dutch forces at Rantepao . On 22 June they reported that the preceding night a Dutch battalion consisting of roughly 250 men and 500 porters had departed the village , headed south towards Tiku 's fortress at Lali ' Londong . Tiku ordered the road sabotaged , extending the travel time from one day to five . On the night of 26 June , Tiku 's forces attacked the Dutch forces outside of Lali ' Londong , an attack for which the Dutch were unprepared ; nobody was killed in the attack .
Common wisdom about lightly oxidized teas in Taiwan ( a large producer of Oolong ) is that too little oxidation upsets the stomach of some consumers . Even so , some producers attempt to minimize oxidation in order to produce a specific taste or allow the tea leaves to be easily rolled into the spherical or half sphere form demanded by buyers in the market . Black tea The tea leaves are allowed to completely oxidize . Black tea is first withered to induce protein breakdown and reduce water content ( 68 77 % of original ) . The leaves then undergo a process known in the industry as " disruption " or " leaf maceration " , which through bruising or cutting disrupts leaf cell structures , releasing the leaf juices and enzymes that activate oxidation .
The musicologist Adrian Thomas notes that the symphony lacks dissonance outside of modal inflections ( that is , occasional use of pitches that fall outside the mode ) , and that it does not require nonstandard techniques or virtuosic playing . Thomas further observes that " there is no second hand stylistic referencing , although if predecessors were to be sought they might be found , distantly removed , in the music of composers as varied as Bach , Schubert , Tchaikovsky , and even Debussy . " Typically 27 minutes in duration , the first movement equals the combined length of the second and third movements , and is based on a late 15th century lament of Mary from the Lysagora Songs collection of the Holy Cross Monastery ( Św .
Playing it is like falling into an exciting movie thriller . " Gaming Chronicles gave it a 9.2 out of 10 , saying that " adventure gaming is alive and well thanks to designers like Revolution " and that it 's a stunning achievement in interactive entertainment , praising its story , characters , visuals , and dialogue , and calling it a " must own title for anyone looking to relive the golden era of adventure gaming " ; they did , however , indicate that the controls were too easy at times . Edge magazine gave the game a 9 , praising the storytelling , dialogues and visuals , and while pointing out some sporadic glitches that break the illusion Edge magazine refers to this game as " a fairytale comeback " and " the adventure 's glorious return " .
Numbers of ships and men for the Allies are also somewhat problematic . Herodotus claims that Leotychides had 110 triremes under his command . However , the previous year , the allies had fielded 271 triremes at the Battle of Artemisium , and then 378 at the Battle of Salamis . We are also told that the Allies had " command of the sea " after Salamis , which implies that they could at least equal the Persian fleet . Diodorus , on the other hand , tells us the allies had 250 ships , which is more consistent with their force levels of the previous year .
One of these Indian soldiers , who had died in the assault , was buried at the mosque . Since 1950 , after Indonesia 's independence was recognised , the Ganting Grand Mosque has hosted numerous statesmen from both Indonesia and abroad , including Vice President Mohammad Hatta , Minister of Defence Sultan Hamengkubuwana IX , and General Abdul Haris Nasution . Foreign dignitaries who have visited the mosque included people from Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , and Egypt . Construction on the mosque has continued . In 1960 the mosque 's 25 columns , originally constructed from brick , were covered in ceramic tiles ; seven years later , this was followed seven years later by the construction of minarets on the left and right of the dome .
Similarly the previous mascot was officially John P. Carroll , for Pilarz . He was also infrequently referred to as Jack IV , as the school was unsure of the exact number of dogs used as Jack in the 1970s . Jack lived with Father Christopher Steck in New South Hall , but spent time in Wolfington Hall Jesuit Residence . In 2003 , Father Steck started the " Jack Crew " , a six student organization of Jack 's walkers and caretakers . Crew members were required to be able to show their school spirit and their ability to control Jack , including being aware of his affinity for orange traffic cones .
The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.5 , meaning that it was seen by 9.5 % of the nation 's estimated households . The episode was viewed by 9.58 million households and 15.87 million viewers . The episode marked an 11 % decrease from the seventh season opener , " The Sixth Extinction " , but a slight increase over the seventh season finale " Requiem " , which was viewed by 15.26 million viewers . As soon as both " Within " and Without " were completed , Carter screened them at the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences .
During the first four months of 1945 , III Corps moved quickly to the offensive . On 25 February , the corps , now as part of the First United States Army , established a bridgehead over the Roer River , which , in turn , led to the capture of the Ludendorff Bridge at Remagen , on the Rhine River , on 7 March . On 30 March , the Edersee Dam was captured intact by Task Force Wolfe of the 7th Armored Division , and the corps continued the attack to seize the Ruhr Pocket on 5 April 1945 .
Drexler and his followers have focused almost exclusively on the latter form of molecular nanotechnology , but Drexler has stated that both are valid pathways to creating molecular machine systems . Richard E. Smalley , a chemist at Rice University , was best known as a co discoverer of the C60 form of carbon known as buckminsterfullerine in 1985 , along with Harry Kroto , Robert Curl , James Heath , and Sean O 'Brien . Buckminsterfullerene was the first to be discovered of the class of molecules known as fullerenes , which also includes carbon nanotubes . The study and application of fullerenes forms a significant part of the fields of nanomaterials and nanoelectronics , and Smalley , Kroto , and Curl were awarded the 1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their discovery .
He praised both teams and the nature of the match but refused to compromise Newcastle 's expansive style of football . Liverpool 's manager Roy Evans observed that no team could " win the championship playing like that " and admitted his team had got away with " playing two against two , one against one , at the back " . Stan Collymore , who scored the fourth Liverpool goal , believed the result left the title race wide open . Steve McManaman added that it completed a " big week " for the team , which had reached the final of the FA Cup .
It has an overwintering capacity of eight people and a summer capacity of 40 . It is served by Troll Airfield , which is the base for the Dronning Maud Land Air Network . Troll is located in the eastern part of Princess Martha Coast in Queen Maud Land , which Norway claims as a dependent territory . The station is located on the nunatak bare ground area Jutulsessen , at 1,270 meters ( 4,170 ft ) above mean sea level . It is completely surrounded by the Antarctic ice sheet . This is unlike most other Antarctic research stations , which are located on snow .
She wore a silvery leotard with a giant star on her shoulder and tassels . As the song progressed to the intermediate verse , the violist played a hoe down version of the music and Gaga danced around frantically over the stage . The performance ended with Gaga staring towards the audience while revealing an open zipper , patched over her left eye . The performance was described an " alien disco performance art . " Cortney Harding of Billboard wrote , " [ it was ] Gaga 's crowning TV moment ... show [ ing ] middle America that she was a bona fide pop star .
The Hall of Traditions houses interactive displays , videos , photos , records and information on the program , including featured displays of the 2005 Sugar Bowl and 2007 Fiesta Bowl seasons . The Hall is open to the public on weekdays throughout the year . The Puskar Center is also home to the Robert and Erma Hartley Club Level , featuring upscale amenities for Mountaineer fans on game days . The facility underwent significant renovations in 2012 and 2013 , aimed specifically at improving the weight room , the aesthetics of the facility 's interior , and the coaches ' meeting areas .
1994 – 2007 . Retrieved 16 February 2007 . General Accounting Office ( GAO ) ( 1998 ) . " Operation Provide Comfort : Review of U.S. Air Force Investigation of Black Hawk Fratricide Incident " . Archived from the original on 2 March 2007 . Retrieved 1 March 2007 . Moran , Michael ( 2005 ) . " Battling friendly fire : Military pins hopes on new technologies as fratricide proves a stubborn foe " . MSNBC.com. Retrieved 1 January 2008 . Novak , Robert ( 2000 ) . " Article 3 : Past Fiasco dims General 's new Third Star " .
The route proceeded northward , overlapping NY 321 through the lakeside village and into the surrounding town of Skaneateles , where it became State Street Road . Once in Skaneateles , the surroundings became mostly rural ahead of an intersection with the Old Seneca Turnpike . The highway continued on , turning to the northeast as the highway entered the town of Elbridge . In Elbridge , NY 20SY and NY 321 followed a more east – west routing as it passed through the town and intersected NY 368 . The route progressed eastward , intersecting with Limeledge Road ( County Route 236A or CR 236A ) as it passed into the town of Camillus .
Within the grounds of the hospital , a Maggie 's Centre , under the name of Maggie 's Fife , specialises in care for cancer patients . The centre , which was completed between 2004 and 2006 , was the first building to be designed by Zaha Hadid , an Iraqi born architect in the United Kingdom . Whyteman 's Brae Hospital , which is also part of the complex , serves psychiatric and elderly patients . Statutory emergency fire and rescue services are provided by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . The main fire station in the town is on Dunnikier Road .
Entrance was strictly controlled by an outer and inner gatehouse . A chapel , known as the capella ante portas ( Latin for chapel outside the gates ) was placed by the outer gatehouse for the use of travellers and the local community . Of the precinct buildings , only the abbot 's house , the moat and the fishponds have left visible remains . Netley 's fresh water was supplied by two aqueducts which ran for several miles east and west of the abbey , up into the areas of modern Southampton and Eastleigh . The remains of the eastern aqueduct , now known as Tickleford Gully , can be seen in Wentworth Gardens , Southampton .
Reportedly , Ghoshal was selected to sing the female rendition of the track after being auditioned by many other artistes . In an interview , Moitra stated ; " Pradeep wanted a little trill of laughter in the middle of the song and she did it effortlessly " . Along with " Piyu Bole " , Ghoshal received another Filmfare nomination for her rendition of the song " Agar Tum Mil Jao " from Zeher . The song along with " Jaane Ja Jaane Ja " from the same film was acclaimed by music critics . Apart from providing supporting vocals for Himesh Reshammiya 's " Aashiq Banaya Aapne " , Ghoshal 's voice had been used in some of his other compositions released during the year .
It lies in Preslav , the former capital of the First Bulgarian Empire , today a town in northeastern Bulgaria . The church dates to the early 10th century , the time of Tsar Simeon I 's rule , and was unearthed and first archaeologically examined in 1927 – 1928 . Considered to be one of the most impressive examples of medieval Bulgarian architecture , the Round Church takes its name from the distinctive shape of one of its three sections , the cella ( naos ) , which is a rotunda that serves as a place of liturgy . The church 's design also includes a wide atrium and a rectangular entrance area , or narthex , marked by two circular turrets .
" I 'm just so tired , I don 't feel I have been human for five years , " he said . Network Ten had initially intended only to bring back Good News Week as a one off special , but decided to expand it after the short supply of US shows resulting from the 2007 – 2008 Writers Guild of America strike caused the network to take an interest in developing more local programs . The revived series premiered on 11 February 2008 with McDermott reprising his role as host . In 2010 , McDermott was nominated for a Gold Logie Award for Most Popular Personality on Australian Television .
The trails had profound political effects during a time of Anglo American tension . Both Britain and the U.S. were concerned about each other ’ s cross border influences . Born out of commercial needs and located by the dictates of geography , the trails helped create and contribute to these international influences and the tensions which resulted . The United States sent military expeditions along the route of the trails to assert national interests in the face of the continued British presence in the northwestern fur posts on soil which the U.S. claimed . The Americans were also concerned about the establishment of Lord Selkirk ’ s colony as well as British claims to the Red River Valley .
Its first scenario , Operation Heaven One ( or Ten ichi gō天一号 ) became the last major Japanese naval operation in the Pacific Theater of World War II . The resulting engagement is also known as the Battle of the East China Sea . In April 1945 , the Japanese battleship Yamato ( the heaviest battleship in the world ) , along with nine other Japanese warships , embarked from Japan on a deliberate suicide attack upon Allied forces engaged in the Battle of Okinawa . The Japanese force was attacked , stopped , and almost destroyed by United States carrier borne aircraft before reaching Okinawa .
” Accordingly , Chappuis played the 1946 season with a fractured wrist and without even bothering to tape the wrist . He was later drafted in December by the Detroit Lions in the fifth round of the 1947 NFL Draft ( 26th overall pick ) . But Chappuis opted to stay in school to finish his collegiate career . Given the off season wrist surgery , Chappuis was questionable for the 1947 season . As the season got underway , Chappuis said the wrist was “ not as loose ” as it was in 1946 , but he felt it was " loose enough .
It gave the season three out of five stars at the time of the DVD release . In a review of " Scorpion , Part II " , the first episode of the fourth season , Tony Norman of the Pittsburg Post Gazette noted several new elements . The episode , according to Norman , established the first ideological debate between Janeway and Chakotay since the original series pilot . Norman also noted that the new character of Seven would create a " source of tension " and " infuse the show with the edginess it desperately needs " . The addition of a Borg crew member , Norman argued , was the same type of " bold move " that occurred when Worf was added to the USS Enterprise in Star Trek : The Next Generation .
The planchet , being placed horizontally between these two plates , is carried along by the motion of the movable one ; so as by the time that it had made half a turn , it is found marked all round . According to a 1765 Encyclopédie entry , Castaing 's machine was capable of applying the edge lettering to 20,000 coins daily . The machine came into use at various mints throughout the world as a way to improve upon the existing machinery used for edge lettering . A copy of Castaing 's machine was put into use at the British Royal Mint , and in 1792 , the director of the newly established United States Mint in Philadelphia , David Rittenhouse , ordered three coinage presses from England to which he added a modified version of the machine .
The festival of St Lambert had stopped by the eighteenth century . St Etheldreda 's and the Vigil of the Ascension markets still continue , although the number of days have been considerably reduced and the dates have changed . Present day annual events in Ely include Aquafest , which has been staged at the riverside by the Rotary Club on the first Sunday of July since 1978 . Other events include the Eel Day carnival procession and the annual fireworks display in Ely Park , first staged in 1974 . The Ely Folk Festival has been held in the city since 1985 .
Jones further commented that the fictional bands were well matched to the songs they played , and that the pacing of the presentation , moving quickly between songs , made the experience feel more like a real concert . McElroy acknowledged the presentation can potentially be " cringe worthy " , but felt that the video was put together with self awareness of this factor to make it more charming , noting some of the extra details that FreeStyleGames and the actors used to fully take on their roles . The soundtrack for the GH Live portion was also considered weak .
The insert song titled " Each and All " by Livetune feat . Rin Oikawa also doubled as the closing theme of the tenth episode . Song Riders released " Be " on May 22 , 2013 . This was followed by the release of Livetune 's " Take Your Way " single on June 5 , 2013 . " Take Your Way " sold 9,776 copies in its first week , ranking number 12 on the Oricon Singles Chart . The song went on to become the number 1 single for the 23rd week of 2013 . The official " Take Your Way " music video features visuals and direction by Fantasia Utomaro .
Violence , gore , sexual perversity , and even the music can be pushed to stylistic excess far beyond that allowed by mainstream cinema . Film censorship can make these films obscure and difficult to find , common criteria used to define cult films . Despite this , these films remain well known and prized among collectors . Fans will occasionally express frustration with dismissive critics and conventional analysis , which they believe marginalizes and misinterprets paracinema . In marketing these films , young men are predominantly targeted . Horror films in particular can draw fans who seek the most extreme films .
After Ann 's death , Mary replaces her with Henry ; as Johnson writes , " this tale of forbidden and unnarratable passionate friendship becomes a tale of forbidden but narratable adulterous love " . Like Ann , Henry is a feminine counterpart to Mary 's masculine persona . Mary 's relationship with Henry is both erotic and paternal : [ S ] he thought of him till she began to chide herself for defrauding the dead , and , determining to grieve for Ann , she dwelt on Henry 's misfortune and ill health . . . she thought with rapture that there was one person in the world who had an affection for her , and that person she admired — had a friendship for .
After her mother remarried , they moved to Niagara on the Lake , Ontario . Later in her teenage years , her mother divorced again . Åkerman attended many different schools , including Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School in St. Catharines , Ontario . She once attended a Catholic school , though she was raised as a Buddhist . She has recalled some portions of her childhood as " painful " , explaining that " I loved my father very much and I only got to see him during the school holidays . But I think it was an advantage that they split up when I was very young , so I could get used to it .
These led to trading ventures with other Puritans on Barbados , a source of cotton , and with the neighboring French colony of Acadia . French Acadia , covering the eastern half of present day Maine , as well as New Brunswick and Nova Scotia , was at the time embroiled in a minor civil war between competing administrators . After English colonists began trading with Charles de Saint Étienne de la Tour in 1642 , his opponent , Charles de Menou d 'Aulnay , warned Boston traders away from la Tour 's territories . In June 1643 la Tour came to Boston and requested military assistance against assaults by d 'Aulnay .
During the mid 1990s , Biman switched its airliner of choice for long haul routes to the Airbus series of aircraft . In 1995 , two PW4000 powered Airbus A310 300s were ordered ; the first of them joined the fleet on 15 June 1996 ( 1996 06 15 ) . It nevertheless retained its elderly DC – 10 fleet , even though the aircraft had been banned by several countries ( notably the USA ) because of safety concerns . For over three decades , the DC – 10 – 30s were Biman 's sole widebody aircraft and served the airline consistently well , with no noteworthy mechanical problems – in marked contrast to the record of its domestic operations .
The DVD and Blu ray combo pack features three " mini movies " titled Puppy , Panic in the Mailroom , and Training Wheels . A Walmart exclusive Blu ray / DVD combo pack included two limited edition Minion toys . In its first week of home entertainment release , 4.5 million physical and digital units had been sold , earning $ 80 million and breaking several records . The film had the highest first week sales for a digital title ever and became the best selling animated Blu ray title in its first week , surpassing its predecessor , which previously held the record .
Additionally , reconnaissance aircraft flights began indicating a transition to a warm core . Unfavorable northwesterly winds briefly halted further development , though by late on August 26 , Bravo resumed acquiring tropical characteristics after another deepening trough accelerated the storm eastward . After reconnaissance aircraft reported winds of 98 mph ( 158 km / h ) and satellite imagery indicated a storm with a classic cyclonic appearance , Bravo was reclassified as Hurricane Betty while located about 920 mi ( 1,480 km ) west of the Azores on August 27 . After some further strengthening , Betty attained its peak intensity as a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph ( 165 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 976 mbar ( 28.8 inHg ) early on August 28 .
But in the past few days I have had to wake up the players . So I 'm not able to anticipate which kind of Milan you will see . " 800 Milan supporters travelled to London , and Capello denied reports a section of them intended to cause trouble . Paul Merson returned to the Arsenal squad , after his much publicised cocaine , alcohol and drug addiction . The England international , who was admitted to a rehabilitation clinic for treatment during his absence , started on the substitutes ' bench . Arsenal lined up in a 4 – 4 – 2 formation , with Ian Wright paired alongside John Hartson upfront and Kevin Campbell shifted on the right of midfield .
A mark on the drum from the Israeli Bureau of Standards allowed them to determine its size and composition . They concluded that the shots may have come from a position behind the France 2 cameraman , where Palestinian police were alleged to have been standing . On 23 October 2000 , Shahaf and Doriel invited CBS 60 Minutes to film the reenactment . Doriel told the correspondent , Bob Simon , that he believed the boy 's death was real , but that it had been set up to damage Israel . Those in the know , he said , included the cameraman and the boy 's father , though the latter had not realized the boy would be killed .
Commenting afterwards , O 'Sullivan said " It might have looked like I lost my head or whatever , but I 'm sure I 'll bounce back . " For this he was later fined £ 300 , and was ordered to pay £ 1,000 in costs . In the Masters , O 'Sullivan reached the final by beating Joe Perry , Ali Carter and Stephen Maguire . In a tense final against defending champion Mark Selby , neither player was able to obtain a sizeable lead , with frames littered with both big breaks and close finishes . After leading 3 – 1 , O 'Sullivan ended the afternoon session at 4 – 4 , and took the first frame of the evening session .
To support those ground units , the South Vietnamese air force had 32 fighter bombers , 86 helicopters , and 32 transport and reconnaissance aircraft . Across the Central Highlands of Vietnam , the South Vietnamese military enjoyed a numerical superiority of about 78,300 soldiers against North Vietnam ’ s 65,141 soldiers . However , within the vicinity of Ban Me Thuot , the South Vietnamese were actually outnumbered by a ratio of 5 : 1 . The North Vietnamese had more tanks , armoured vehicles , and heavy artillery , with a ratio of about 2 : 1 . North Vietnamese General Van Tien Dung believed his tank and artillery units in the Central Highlands were the key factors that guaranteed a quick victory , because South Vietnam simply lacked the capability to withstand such large numbers of heavy weaponry .
The Sagarin computer ratings calculated Alabama 's 2010 strength of schedule to be the fifth most difficult out of the 245 Division I teams . The Cosgrove Computer Rankings calculated it as the 12th most difficult out of the 120 Division I FBS teams in its rankings . Source : Rolltide.com All time Football Results : 2010 Season The only change to the coaching staff from the 2009 season was the departure of James Willis , an associate head and outside linebackers coach , to become the defensive coordinator at Texas Tech . Willis was replaced on the staff with Jeremy Pruitt on January 15 .
Walter begins to collect equipment to create interference with the vibrations to prevent the crossing . Another corpse is found , that of a bank manager that appears to have been killed by a shapeshifter . Realizing both men would have access to secured areas in their workplaces , they use these locations as two points on Netwon 's triangle . From this , they are able to identify two locations where the transfer will occur . Olivia ( Anna Torv ) , using the information Walter has told her in private about his own crossing , identifies a collapsed derelict bridge over the Charles River , where the water would absorb the energy of crossing over .
France pulled out prior to the commencement of the tournament , being unable to field a representative team . Australasia was represented by the Wallabies , who were already on tour in Britain . As the best English and Welsh players were on tour in New Zealand at the time , Great Britain was represented by the Cornwall county team , who were chosen by the RFU as an appropriate side after they defeated Durham in the 1907 English county championship . The choice of Cornwall was controversial , as only three of their players had ever represented England and the Wallabies had defeated them 18 points to five .
The operation did not give the Allies any tactical or strategic advantage ; Howard notes that it provided experience for the planners in handling deception and for the Twenty Committee in proving the worth of double agents . Terry Crowdy , writing in 2008 , argued that any experience that the LCS attained was limited by the lack of guidance from Cairo and knowledge of double agents . Dudley Clarke had already shown that the most effective method of deception involved the use of agents and faked wireless traffic , rather than major training and troop movements . Hardboiled was the first deception plan aimed at Norway .
The 2009 discovery in Scotland of a 4000 year old tomb with burial treasures at Forteviot , near Perth , the capital of a Pictish Kingdom in the 8th and 9th centuries AD , is unrivalled anywhere in Britain . It contains the remains of an early Bronze Age ruler laid out on white quartz pebbles and birch bark . It was also discovered for the first time that early Bronze Age people placed flowers in their graves . Scotland may have been part of a Late Bronze Age maritime trading culture called the Atlantic Bronze Age , which included other Celtic nations , and the areas that became England , France , Spain , and Portugal .
Koepp collaborated with Raiders of the Lost Ark screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan on the film 's " love dialogue . " Unlike the previous Indiana Jones films , Spielberg shot the entire film in the United States , stating he did not want to be away from his family . Shooting began on June 18 , 2007 , in Deming , New Mexico . An extensive chase scene set at the fictional Marshall College was filmed between June 28 and July 7 at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut ( where Spielberg 's son Theo was studying ) . To keep in line with the fact the story takes place in the 1950s , several facades were changed , although signs were put up in between shots to tell the public what the store or restaurant actually was .
Due to its high ratings , the series received a full third season renewal for the fall prime time line up . In response to numerous fan complaints regarding scheduling during the previous seasons , the American Broadcasting Company decided to do major changes in the season . After two seasons of airing as a lead out to fellow ABC series Desperate Housewives , the network decided to move Grey 's Anatomy to 9 : 00 ET in the Thursday night time slot , dominated by CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , where the series began airing as a lead in to Ugly Betty , which aired in the time slot from its first season , until the conclusion of the third in 2009 .
He was undoubtedly familiar with the site depicted in the painting too , as it was only a half a mile ( 800 m ) from Haverford College , where Coates studied as an undergraduate . The depiction of a professor and his students together in the nude would have been a sensitive subject for the academy 's directors , who had forbidden Eakins from using Academy students as models , as modeling was considered indecent . Coates chose to exchange The Swimming Hole for the " less controversial genre scene " of Eakins ' The Pathetic Song — today housed in the Corcoran Gallery of Art — and paid Eakins the $ 800 he had offered for the original commission .
The journalist John Kifner describes Migration of the Serbs as a " Balkan equivalent to Washington Crosses the Delaware ... an instantly recognizable [ icon ] of the 500 year struggle against the Ottoman Turks . " Professor David A. Norris , a historian specializing in Serbian culture , calls Jovanović 's approach " highly effective " , and writes how the stoic attitude of the priests , warriors and peasants reminds the viewer of the historical significance of the migration . He asserts that Migration of the Serbs and similar paintings stimulated a " revived collective memory " among the new Serbian middle class , " transforming ... folk memory into a more modern vehicle for the invention of a new national ideology based on the Serbian struggle for freedom from foreign domination .
The most stable of these is 192m2Ir , which decays by isomeric transition with a half life of 241 years , making it more stable than any of iridium 's synthetic isotopes in their ground states . The least stable isomer is 190m3Ir with a half life of only 2 µs . The isotope 191Ir was the first one of any element to be shown to present a Mössbauer effect . This renders it useful for Mössbauer spectroscopy for research in physics , chemistry , biochemistry , metallurgy , and mineralogy . The discovery of iridium is intertwined with that of platinum and the other metals of the platinum group .
Citing the song 's lurid content about a transvestite prostitute as inappropriate , they suggested that " Don 't Let Go " be chosen as the first single . However , Cuomo continued to fight and " Hash Pipe " eventually became the album 's first single . The label tried to postpone the release date further until June , but the band convinced them to adhere to the original May 15 release date . The first single from the album was " Hash Pipe " . The video for " Hash Pipe " was directed by Marcos Siega and was the first of many Weezer videos that Siega would direct .
Peter becomes suspicious of Mathis when he sees blood on her jacket ; however , he believes her when she shows him her cut from a fall , which is bleeding normal blood , not the mercury typical of shapeshifters ; he then explains the concept of shapeshifters to her . Peter begins to doubt the shapeshifters ' motives after another body is found , but eventually comes up with an idea to read and track the victims ' adrenaline spikes , which allows him to find where the murders took place : a dairy farm . They find the owner , who confesses to killing the women because they rejected him , and kidnapped and tortured Mathis 's partner when he discovered the culprit .
Apart from these major awards , it also won awards at other national and international ceremonies . There were two releases for the DVD . The first , as a 2 DVD set , was released on 27 May 2002 in limited regions . It contained subtitles in Arabic , English , Hebrew , Hindi , Turkish and several European languages . It is available in 16 : 9 Anamorphic widescreen , Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround , progressive 24 frame / s , widescreen and NTSC format . It carried an additional fifteen minutes of deleted scenes , filmographies and trailers .
On 29 May , the Israeli Supreme Court rejected the appeal and upheld the District Court 's judgement on all counts . Eichmann immediately petitioned Israeli President Yitzhak Ben Zvi for clemency . The content of his letter to the President pleading for pardon and other original court documents of the trial were made public on 27 January 2016 . Prominent people such as Hugo Bergmann , Pearl Buck , Martin Buber , and Ernst Simon spoke up on his behalf . Ben Gurion called a special cabinet meeting to resolve the issue . The cabinet decided not to recommend to President Ben Zvi to grant clemency to Eichmann .
In 1945 Empress Zita celebrated her birthday on the first day of peace , 9 May . She was to spend the next two years touring the United States and Canada to raise funds for war ravaged Austria and Hungary . After a period of rest and recovery , Zita found herself regularly going back to Europe for the weddings of her children . She decided to move back to the continent full time , in 1952 , to Luxembourg , in order to look after her aging mother . Maria Antonia died at the age of 96 in 1959 .
A polar rose is a famous mathematical curve that looks like a petaled flower , and that can be expressed as a simple polar equation , <formula> for any constant ɣ0 ( including 0 ) . If k is an integer , these equations will produce a k petaled rose if k is odd , or a 2k petaled rose if k is even . If k is rational but not an integer , a rose like shape may form but with overlapping petals . Note that these equations never define a rose with 2 , 6 , 10 , 14 , etc. petals .
In the end of 1347 or in the beginning of 1348 , however , Ivan Alexander divorced with his first wife and sent her to a monastery to marry the Jewess Sarah Theodora . That event spoiled the relations between Ivan Sratsimir and his father and the conflict deepened after the birth of Ivan Shishman in 1350 / 1351 . The conflict climaxed in 1355 – 1356 when the undisputed heir to the throne , Michael Asen IV , perished in battle against the Ottomans . According to the Majorat system , Ivan Sratsimir should have come next in the succession line but since Ivan Shishman was born in the purple , i.e. after his father was crowned , Ivan Alexander and Sarah Theodora declared Ivan Shishman successor to the throne .
Patrode , a dish of colocasia leaves stuffed with rice , dal , jaggery , coconut , and spices is popular . Kuswar are sweet delicacies prepared during Christmas and include around 22 varieties of sweets . Fish and rice form the staple diet of most Mangalorean Catholics . Par boiled rice , known as red rice , is the traditional rice eaten and is preferred over raw rice . Bilingual names , having variants in both Konkani and English , like Zuãuñ ( from Portuguese João , meaning John ) and Mornel ( Magdalene ) are common among Mangalorean Catholics .
I wanted to make an album you can just play . " The opening track " S & M " is an up tempo eurodance song produced by Norwegian producers StarGate and Sandy Vee . The song is reminiscent of Depeche Mode 's 1984 song " Master and Servant " and contains lyrical thoughts of sadomasochism . Andy Kellman of Allmusic regarded " S & M " as a dance pop song which efficiently balanced " Rihanna 's playful and sinister sides " . " What 's My Name ? " was also produced by StarGate and features guest vocals from Canadian rapper Drake .
Former NASA astronauts and families were also dismayed and labeled the use of the sample as " insensitive " . Keith Cowing of NASA Watch suggested that the use of the clip ranged from negligence to repugnance . On December 30 , 2013 , NASA criticized the use of the sample , stating : " The Challenger accident is an important part of our history ; a tragic reminder that space exploration is risky and should never be trivialized . NASA works every day to honor the legacy of our fallen astronauts as we carry out our mission to reach for new heights and explore the universe .
East of Ancaster , the freeway passes through a short greenbelt , with Hamilton Golf and Country Club lying to the north . A divided segment of Highway 6 meets the freeway and continues concurrently with it through Hamilton ; to the south , Highway 6 travels to John C. Munro International Airport , Caledonia and Jarvis at Highway 3 . Continuing east , Highway 403 and Highway 6 curve north into Hamilton and meet the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway before abruptly curving to the east and descending the Niagara Escarpment . Scenic views of Hamilton , its harbour , and Lower Princess Falls are located along this steep descent .
By the time the meal concluded at around 11.00 pm , no reliable news of Huskisson 's condition had arrived . Following a toast to the King and to Huskisson 's recovery , steamship pioneer Francis B. Ogden , at the time the American Consul in Liverpool , gave a speech about the planned Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and of forthcoming schemes to connect New Orleans with the Great Lakes by rail . Although they did not know it , by this time Huskisson was already dead . As the evening progressed Huskisson continued to weaken . The doctors had concluded that without amputation he would continue to deteriorate , but that he had no realistic chance of surviving major surgery , and broke this news to the Huskissons .
He described his own belief in God by quoting the Bishop of Woolwich , saying , " ... not as an old man in the sky . I believe that what people call God is something in all of us . " Adamant that he was not comparing himself with Christ , he tried to explain the decline of Christianity in the UK . Pressed for an apology by a reporter , he said " if you want me to apologise , if that will make you happy , then OK , I 'm sorry . " Journalists gave a sympathetic response , and told Lennon that the Bible Belt were " quite notorious for their Christian attitude .
He was asked to prepare a single issue of 80,000 words to test the market . The World 's Work reprinted a good deal of American fiction and since they were only paying for reprint rights their rates were lower than was usual for new fiction . Gillings was given a budget of 10 / 6 ( ten shillings and sixpence ) per thousand words : the low rate discouraged those writers who could sell to the better paying American magazines . Newer writers were glad of the chance to develop a British market for their work , though most American writers were unimpressed .
Both heritage sites were declared National Cultural Treasures by the National Museum . The town also has two Spanish era bridges that were declared Important Cultural Treasures . A similar fort in Banton , the centuries old Fort San Jose and Banton Church , were built in the 1600s and was also used as defenses against Muslim pirates . Every second week of January , Romblon town celebrates the feast of the Santo Niño de Cebú , also known as the Biniray Festival . In that week , a fluvial parade featuring the image of the Santo Niño goes around Romblon Bay in order to bring good luck to the villages .
The subordinating conjunction that shows that the clause that follows is a subordinate clause , but it is often omitted . Relative clauses are clauses that function as a modifier or specifier to some constituent in the main clause : For example , in the sentence I saw the letter that you received today , the relative clause that you received today specifies the meaning of the word letter , the object of the main clause . Relative clauses can be introduced by the pronouns who , whose , whom and which as well as by that ( which can also be omitted .
" The colonists had been forming militias since the 17th century , initially for local defense against Indian attacks . These forces also saw action in the French and Indian War between 1754 and 1763 when they fought alongside British regulars . Under provincial law , all towns were obligated to form militia companies composed of all males 16 years of age and older ( there were exemptions for some categories ) , and to assure that the members were properly armed . The militias were formally under the jurisdiction of the provincial government , but New England militia companies elected their own officers .
It peaked at number four in Canada , and has been certified platinum with 80,000 units sold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association . The album also peaked at number one in Ireland , eight in New Zealand , nine in the Netherlands , thirty four in both Austria and Wallonia , thirty seven in Mexico , forty eight in Switzerland , sixty nine in Spain , seventy four in Flanders , and eighty in Japan . Each of the songs included on Glee : The Music , Volume 1 , except for the bonus tracks , were released as singles , available for download .
Discussion in the Journal was chiefly concerned with matters of literary criticism , and " the social and moral health of the body politic " . Most of the opening essays took a decidedly unpolitical tone . Exceptions were those in numbers 42 , 50 , and 58 . Number 42 mocked the Country Tories by imagining how an Ancient Greek or Roman would react to party politics : " ... convey [ him ] to a Hunting Match , or Horse Race , or any other Meeting of Patriots . Will he not immediately conclude from all the Roaring and Ranting , the Hallowing and the Hazzaing , the Gaming and Drinking , ... that he is actually present at the Orgia of Bacchus , or the Celebration of some such Festival ?
He furthermore argued that Didi 's desire to behead people when under the poison 's influence expressed his Oedipus complex and was a substitute for castration . The Blue Lotus was adapted into a 1991 episode of The Adventures of Tintin television series by French studio Ellipse and Canadian animation company Nelvana . Directed by Stéphane Bernasconi , Thierry Wermuth voiced the character of Tintin . In March 2013 , Steven Spielberg said that The Blue Lotus might be the basis for the third Tintin film in his film series that began with The Adventures of Tintin ( 2011 ) .
Elliott took personal control over the recruitment process , selecting only those officers that he had known from his service in the Citizens Forces as his company commanders , who he in turn entrusted with choosing their own subordinates . Recruitment was conducted over a period of three weeks and by the end of the period the process had been so successful that the battalion was over establishment . Initially , the battalion was organised into eight companies , designated ' A ' to ' H ' , while recruitment and initial training was undertaken at Broadmeadows , however , this was later reduced to the standard four companies , designated ' A ' to ' D ' .
This contrasts with an annual range of more than 20 ° C ( 36 ° F ) in North America at latitudes above 50oN . Absolute maximum temperatures can exceed 40 ° C ( 104 ° F ) in the northern Río Negro Province and Neuquén Province , while in much of the region , they can exceed 30 ° C ( 86 ° F ) . Further south in Tierra del Fuego Province , absolute maximum temperatures do not exceed 30 ° C ( 86 ° F ) , while in the southernmost islands , they do not exceed 20 ° C ( 68 ° F ) .
Myers and colleagues had included the name lutescens J.A. Allen , 1901 , as a subspecies of Akodon puer Thomas , 1902 , and in 1997 Sydney Anderson noted that the older name lutescens should instead be used for the species because of the Principle of Priority ; therefore , he utilized the combination Akodon lutescens caenosus for the Argentine subspecies . Through the 1990s and 2000s , authors continued to differ on the classification of caenosus as either a full species or a subspecies or puer ( = lutescens ) . Two small Akodon collected in 1993 in Tucumán Province , northwestern Argentina , were given the name Akodon diminutus in 1994 , but that name is a nomen nudum and therefore not available for use under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature .
The gameplay was conceived to cater to hardcore gamers who do not " ask for hints and read through strategy guides " . However , Matsuno revealed that over half of the game 's story was cut due to capacity and development time constraints . Memory issues was considered the most challenging aspect of the game development , with the team forced to adjust the game 's interface , texture mapping and polygon mesh in maps , as well as removing gaming elements such as AI controlled supporting non player characters that would have joined Ashley in the middle of the game .
In her review of the third volume , Rebecca Silverman , another reviewer for Anime News Network , wrote that while the middle school setting felt believable and the mystery was intriguing , some aspects of the plot were trying on the reader 's suspension of disbelief , and the artwork , though usually enjoyable , failed to be convincingly scary during frightening scenes . In her follow up review of the eleventh and twelfth volumes , Silverman interpreted Arisa as struggling with Stockholm syndrome and wrote that it was unsettling , as by the conclusion , the character still remained in " an emotionally unhealthy ( or even abusive ) relationship .
" I 'm really bored because I have no books to read , " Yousafzai is filmed saying in the documentary . That month , after criticising militants at a press conference , Yousafzai 's father received a death threat over the radio by a Taliban commander . Yousafzai was deeply inspired in her activism by her father . That summer , for the first time , she committed to becoming a politician and not a doctor , as she had once aspired to be . By early July , refugee camps were filled to capacity . The prime minister made a long awaited announcement saying that it was safe to return to the Swat Valley .
The presence of the shrine of Saint Erkenwald made the cathedral a pilgrimage site during the Medieval period . In addition to serving as the seat of the Diocese of London , the building developed a reputation as a hub of the City of London , with the nave aisle , " Paul 's walk " , known as a centre for business and the London grapevine . After the Reformation , the open air pulpit in the churchyard , St Paul 's Cross , became the stage for radical evangelical preaching and Protestant bookselling . The cathedral was already in severe structural decline by the 17th century .
The Admiralty had considered converting her to that configuration , with an island , in July 1918 while still building , but had decided to wait on the results of tests conducted with Argus evaluating different designs for the island . Vindictive was thought to be too small to be an effective carrier and the financial restrictions in place after the war vitiated against such a major reconstruction . For the next several years the ship was either in reserve or used as a troop transport , until she began reconversion into a cruiser at Chatham Dockyard on 1 March 1923 .
The new facility , located at 57th Court and 14th Avenue , was dedicated in December 1964 and was composed of a 200 seat sanctuary , a social hall with a kitchen and a library , and an education building . During the American Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s , the leadership of Beth Israel spoke out against the Ku Klux Klan 's attacks on black churches . In response , Thomas Tarrants of Mobile , Alabama , who had helped bomb the synagogue building of Beth Israel Congregation and its rabbi 's house there bombed Beth Israel 's education building on May 28 , 1968 .
Mary was the daughter of Queen Victoria 's first cousin Princess Mary Adelaide , Duchess of Teck . Queen Victoria was very supportive , considering Mary ideal — charming , sensible and pretty . On 3 December 1891 Albert Victor , to Mary 's " great surprise " , proposed to her at Luton Hoo , the country residence of the Danish ambassador to Britain . The wedding was set for 27 February 1892 . Just as plans for both his marriage to Mary and his appointment as Viceroy of Ireland were under discussion , Albert Victor fell ill with influenza in the pandemic of 1889 – 92 .
" Three officials , including the head of the local family planning department , were suspended from their jobs on June 14 . An employee of the Ankang Family Planning Bureau said that " grass roots comrades aren 't stupid , but this is what they 're forced to do ... This is a problem with the entire system . " The Ankang city government promised to " pursue strict legal and disciplinary action " once the investigation was finished . On June 14 , the city issued a formal apology . " Since the illegal actions by some officials have seriously hurt Feng Jianmei and her family , we want to offer our deep apologies to them and to the generic public , " read the statement .
Losses and results are unknown . KG 27 also abandoned most of its operations . III . / KG 27 did attempt to make it through to the Bristol docks , losing one He 111 to No. 87 Squadron RAF in the attempt . Little damage was done . The cancellation order had not reached Luftflotte 3 HQ at all . Its commander , Hugo Sperrle ordered attacks to commence . At 05 : 00 , 20 Junkers Ju 88s of I. / KG 54 took off to bomb the Royal Aircraft Establishment 's airfield at ' RAF Farnborough ' ( RAE Farnborough ) .
Their scene was staged on a set at Elstree Studios designed to resemble the Ricky Tick , a popular London club and , at Antonioni 's direction , Beck smashes his guitar , in the manner of the Who 's Pete Townshend . The song as performed in the film is edited ( doubled ) to increase its length for the story line . " Stroll On " was later included on the Blow Up soundtrack album in 1967 and appears on the Yardbirds compilation albums Train Kept A Rollin ' / The Yardbirds Story and Ultimate ! . After Jeff Beck 's departure in late 1966 , the Yardbirds continued to regularly perform the " The Train Kept A Rollin ' " .
These regions include the prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) , basal ganglia , anterior cingulate cortex ( ACC ) , and posterior parietal cortex ( PPC ) . Studies conducted with people of various ages and with particular deficits have further informed how cognitive flexibility develops and changes within the brain . Cognitive flexibility also has implications both inside and outside of the classroom . A person ’ s ability to switch between modes of thought and to simultaneously think about multiple concepts has been shown to be a vital component of learning . Cognitive flexibility can be seen from a variety of viewpoints .
The use of ultrasonography in medicine soon followed in different locations around the world . In the mid 1950s more research was undertaken by Professor Ian Donald et al . , in Glasgow , which advanced the practical technology and applications of ultrasound . In 1963 , in France , L. Pourcelot started on his thesis , which was presented in 1964 , and used pulsed Doppler for blood flow calculation as its subject . This was followed up by Peronneau in 1969 . Dr. Gene Strandness and the bio engineering group at the University of Washington who conducted research on Doppler ultrasound as a diagnostic tool for vascular disease , published their first work in 1967 .
The ship was also equipped with twelve 8 in ( 203 mm ) 40 cal. guns in six twin turrets amidships . Close range defense against torpedo boats was provided by a battery of twenty four 3 in ( 76 mm ) 40 cal. guns . She was also equipped with two 17.7 in ( 450 mm ) torpedo tubes placed in the hull below the waterline . Napoli was protected with Krupp steel manufactured in Terni . The main belt was 9.8 in ( 249 mm ) thick , and the deck was 1.5 in ( 38 mm ) thick .
He finished by saying , " Before the arrival of the French we lived like men who can be satisfied with what they have , whereas today we live like slaves , who are not suffered to do as they please . " The most faithful ally of the French , Tattooed Serpent died in 1725 , another blow to the relations between the Natchez and the colonists . According to archaeologist Karl Lorenz , who excavated several Natchez settlements , another factor that complicated relations between the Natchez and the colonists was the fact that the French did not well understand the Natchez political structure .
Fecundity " A great scientific theory , like Newton 's , opens up new areas of research ... Because a theory presents a new way of looking at the world , it can lead us to ask new questions , and so to embark on new and fruitful lines of inquiry ... Typically , a flourishing science is incomplete . At any time , it raises more questions than it can currently answer . But incompleteness is no vice . On the contrary , incompleteness is the mother of fecundity ... A good theory should be productive ; it should raise new questions and presume that those questions can be answered without giving up its problem solving strategies " ( 1982 : 47 – 48 ) .
Hoping to keep the office that he 'd been appointed to , he ran against his elder half brother Newton for the office of constable . The Earps may have hoped to keep the job in the family one way or another . Wyatt won by 137 votes to Newton 's 108 , but their father Nicholas lost the election for justice of the peace in a very close four way race . After Urilla 's death , Wyatt went through a downward spiral and had a series of legal problems . On March 14 , 1871 , Barton County filed a lawsuit against Earp and his sureties .
The identity of Mysterion is never revealed in " The Coon " . After the episode aired , the question " Who is Mysterion ? " became a frequently asked question at the FAQ for the official South Park website , South Park Studios . The answer posted at that site was that " there is no answer " , and that only Trey Parker and Matt Stone actually know . Parker said it was one of the most common questions he was asked about the show , along with the identity of Cartman 's father , which was resolved in the fourteenth season episode " 201 " .
Much of MacLaren 's time was now taken up working for Ranjitsinhji , who visited England between October 1907 and December 1908 . MacLaren played just nine matches in 1908 ; Lancashire were eager for him to play , but he had little impact . His greatest success came for the Gentlemen against the Players at the Oval , when he shared a partnership of 141 with C. B. Fry . In total , he scored 428 runs at an average of 28.53 . Meanwhile , Ranjitsinhji lived extravagantly in Sussex , running up huge bills and ignoring most attempts to make him pay .
It is during this period that the image of Gandhi ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) , addressed by his nickname " Bapu " ( " father " ) , appears and offers help and advice to Munna . Gandhi encourages Munna to tell the truth about himself to Janhavi , but Munna resists this advice . With Gandhi 's help , Munna succeeds in impressing Jahnavi and cultivates a new lifestyle based upon Gandhism . Munna starts to co host a radio show with Janhavi and Gandhi 's image , guiding his audience to use Gandhigiri to solve everyday problems . The film has several subplots .
On the November 22 episode of Raw , following a successful WWE Championship defense by Randy Orton against Wade Barrett , he cashed in his Money in the Bank contract to become the new WWE Champion making him the first person from Tough Enough to win the WWE Championship . He successfully defended the championship against Jerry Lawler in a Tables , Ladders , and Chairs match on the following episode of Raw , due to help from Michael Cole and Riley , and again at the TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs pay per view in December by defeating Orton in a Tables match following interference from Alex Riley .
He called the Black / Leachman romance " creepy and hilarious " , but described the Jim and Pam romance subplot as the weak link of the episode . David Krone of the Los Angeles Daily News said although he had mixed feelings about the fifth season so far , he found " Stress Relief " to be " one of the season 's best efforts " . Krone specifically praised the Jim and Pam subplot and Dwight 's character , adding , " It 's a pretty perfect way to unwind - or , if your team lost , to become reanimated - after the Super Bowl .
At times the crowd spilled over the unfenced boundary , making the ground smaller than intended . All these factors meant scoring a boundary would be an easier task for the batsmen . The England openers Cyril Washbrook and Len Hutton were given a loud reception as they walked out to bat , particularly the Yorkshire local Hutton . They had to face the Australian opening pair of Ray Lindwall and Keith Miller without the aid of sightscreen . It was the first time some of the Australians had played in a first class match without a sightscreen , and those cricketers would later have to bat without its assistance .
Surveillance of Falun Gong practitioners and intelligence collection is among the chief functions of 610 Offices . At the local levels , this involves monitoring workplaces and residences to identify Falun Gong practitioners , making daily visits to the homes of known ( or " registered " ) Falun Gong practitioners , or coordinating and overseeing 24 hour monitoring of practitioners . The 610 Office does not necessarily conduct the surveillance directly ; instead , it orders local authorities to do so , and has them report at regular intervals to the 610 Office . Basic level 610 Offices relay the intelligence they have collected up the operational chain to the 610 Office above them .
One of the major effects of the conversion of the Vikings was to bring an end to plundering raids on Christian sites , which may have allowed them to recover some of their status as cultural and intellectual centres . It also probably curbed the excesses of Viking violence and led to a more settled society in northern Scotland . The Christianisation of Scotland brought the country into the cultural mainstream of Europe . When the Kingdom of Alba emerged in the ninth century it would be an overtly Christian kingdom and , despite its cultural diversity , religion would be a major source of Scottish identity .
The following year the band recorded ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ? ( 1995 ) with their new drummer Alan White , formerly of Starclub , in the midst of a chart rivalry with Britpop peers Blur . Along with Suede , Pulp and the aforementioned Blur , Oasis came to be regarded as a component of the Britpop " big four " , and the Gallagher brothers were featured regularly in tabloid newspapers for their sibling disputes and wild lifestyles . In 1997 Oasis released their third album , Be Here Now ( 1997 ) , and although it became the fastest selling album in UK chart history , the album 's popularity tapered off quickly , not before selling 8 million copies .
On August 25 , 1996 the City of Kingston proclaimed Molly Brant Commemoration Day . The Mohawk Nation - Bay of Quinte , the Corporation of the City of Kingston , the City of Kingston Historical Board , Mr. John Boxtel ( Molly Brant Sculptor ) and the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada agreed to commemorate her life with the creation of a bust representing Molly Brant along with an historic monument at the front entrance of Rideaucrest Home on Rideau Street in Kingston . The memorial sculpture was unveiled at Rideaucrest on Molly Brant Commemoration Day . The commemoration began with a service at St. George 's Cathedral , a tobacco burning and wreath laying ceremony at St. Paul 's Anglican Church and a reception at Rideaucrest where the sculpture of Molly Brant was unveiled in the eastern courtyard .
I am pleased to be able to add that the warlords of Japan now know its effects better even than we ourselves . The atomic bomb which you have helped to develop with high devotion to patriotic duty is the most devastating military weapon that any country has ever been able to turn against its enemy . No one of you has worked on the entire project or known the whole story . Each of you has done his own job and kept his own secret , and so today I speak for a grateful nation when I say congratulations and thank you all .
It was writer Michael Sussman 's third episode of the season , while it was director David Livingston 's second . The episode was the third in a three part story arc , following on from the episodes " The Forge " and " Awakening " . " Kir 'Shara " and the Vulcan arc showed themes relating to the Protestant Reformation resulting in comparisons to books such as The Da Vinci Code and The Celestine Prophecy , while the Kir 'Shara itself was compared to the Nag Hammadi library . Set in the 22nd century , the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise , registration NX 01 .
This was not the case , however . On occasion the two men clashed on matters of policy , but Reitz remained true to his own convictions , gaining some influence over Kruger in the process . Originally praised by the British for his diplomatic courtesy , their attitude quickly changed when they understood that Reitz was a protagonist of Transvaal independence . Reitz was sometimes rather brazen in his political statements , so when he – incorrectly – claimed the South African Republic to be a fully sovereign state , the British jumped on him . In view of rapidly mounting British pressure and an ensuing armed conflict over the position of the Uitlanders and economic control over the Witwatersrand gold fields , foreign policy in the South African Republic was eventually determined by a triumvirate : State President Kruger , State Secretary Reitz , and State Attorney General J.C. Smuts .
Mint records indicate the first gold dollars were produced on May 7 , 1849 ; Longacre 's diary notes state instead that the first were struck on May 8 . A few coins in proof condition were struck on the first day , along with about 1,000 for circulation . There are five major varieties of the 1849 gold dollar from Philadelphia , made as Longacre continued to fine tune the design . Mintmarked dies were sent by Longacre 's Engraving Department at the Philadelphia Mint to the branch mints at Charlotte , Dahlonega ( in Georgia ) , and New Orleans ; coins struck at the branches resemble some of the types issued from Philadelphia , depending on when the dies were produced .
In February 1799 , Adams surprised many by sending diplomat William Vans Murray on a peace mission to France . Napoleon , realizing that the conflict was pointless , signaled his readiness for friendly relations . At the Convention of 1800 the Treaty of Alliance of 1778 was superseded and the United States was then free of foreign entanglements , as Washington had advised in his farewell address . Adams brought in John Marshall as Secretary of State and demobilized the emergency army . Adams proudly avoided war , but deeply split his party in the process . Despite the discredit of the XYZ Affair , the Democratic Republicans ' opposition persisted .
She was laid down in Scotland in 1914 as TSS Nairana for the Australian shipping line Huddart Parker , but construction was suspended after the outbreak of the First World War . Following resumption of work , the ship was launched in 1915 , and converted to operate wheeled aircraft from her forward flying off deck , as well as floatplanes that were lowered into the water . She saw service during the war with the Grand Fleet , and in 1918 – 19 supported the British intervention in the Russian Civil War . Nairana was returned to her former owners in 1921 and refitted in her original planned configuration , and spent the next 27 years ferrying passengers and cargo between Tasmania and Melbourne .
After various miscommunications in matches involving the three wrestlers , Management Director Jim Cornette announced Booker T versus Styles with Cage as Special Guest Referee as the main event of the October 9 episode of Impact ! to settle the issue . Styles defeated Booker T during the show , with Cage assaulting both wrestlers after the contest . Cornette then promoted a Three Way match between the three at Bound for Glory . Booker T won the contest at the event . The TNA World Tag Team Championship went on to be defended in a Four Way Tag Team Monster 's Ball match by Beer Money , Inc .
Since most asymptomatic individuals are unaware of their infection , they are considered at high risk for spreading HSV . In October 2011 , the anti HIV drug tenofovir , when used topically in a microbicidal vaginal gel , was reported to reduce herpes virus sexual transmission by 51 % . Condoms offer moderate protection against HSV 2 in both men and women , with consistent condom users having a 30 % -lower risk of HSV 2 acquisition compared with those who never use condoms . A female condom can provide greater protection than the male condom , as it covers the labia .
He has that will to win . " Duke of Marmalade was then brought back in distance from twelve furlongs to ten and a half furlongs for the International Stakes . The race also attracted the Epsom Derby winner New Approach , and the meeting of the two champions was much anticipated by the press as a " clash of the titans " . Bad ground conditions forced the race to be abandoned , and it was rescheduled for Newmarket four days later . Duke of Marmalade took the lead three furlongs out and was driven out by Murtagh to beat Phoenix Tower by three quarters of a length , with New Approach , who had pulled hard and failed to settle in the early stages , two and a half lengths further back in third .
Some trial and error fitting may prove necessary . Traditionally , contact lenses for keratoconus have been the ' hard ' or RGP variety , although manufacturers have also produced specialized ' soft ' or hydrophilic lenses and , most recently , silicone hydrogel lenses . A soft lens has a tendency to conform to the conical shape of the cornea , thus diminishing its effect . To counter this , hybrid lenses have been developed which are hard in the centre and encompassed by a soft skirt . However , soft or earlier generation hybrid lenses did not prove effective for every person .
Ambrose and two of his brothers , Robert and Christopher , were educated by Jesuits at Saint Omer , then in Flanders . Both brothers became priests ( Ambrose 's elder brother , Henry , became a Franciscan ) , and his half sisters Dorothea and Susanna became nuns . Ambrose married into the Tyrwhitts , a prominent family of Catholics from Kettleby in Lincolnshire , and with his wife Elizabeth ( cousin to Robert Keyes ) had at least two sons , Robert and Henry . According to the Jesuit Oswald Tesimond , Rookwood was " well built and handsome , if somewhat short " , which he compensated for by his taste in extravagant clothing .
" Tolle changed his first name from Ulrich to Eckhart ; by some reports this was in homage to the German philosopher and mystic , Meister Eckhart . A 2012 interview article states that he saw the name Eckhart on one of a pile of books in a dream , and knew he had written the book ; soon after in real life he ran into a psychic friend who called him Eckhart out of nowhere , so Tolle changed his name . After this period , former Cambridge students and people he had met by chance began to ask Tolle about his beliefs .
Key Biscayne , although named a " key " , is not geologically part of the Florida Keys , but is a barrier island composed of sand eroded from the Appalachian Mountains , carried to the coast by rivers and then moved along the coast from the north by coastal currents . There is no hard bedrock near the surface of the island , only layers of weak " shelly sandstone " to depths of 100 feet ( 30 m ) or more . The coastal transport of sand southward ends at Key Biscayne . In the 1850s Louis Agassiz noted that " [ s ] outh of Cape Florida no more silicacious sand is to be seen .
In Glasgow , four people died , and the Dragoons were called out to quell rioting after a Roman Catholic church was burned and looted ( the mob would have assumed Byrne , an Irishman , to be a Roman Catholic ) . Byrne was arrested three days later on board the ferry to Ireland as he tried to leave the country . He was incarcerated in Buckingham Gaol to await his trial and the prospect of the gallows . The trial was held at the Assizes in the small rural market town of Buckingham . More used to the trials of local poachers and sheep thieves , Buckingham had never before seen such a spectacle .
Subsequently , he wrote Japan ( Cultures of the World series , 1990 ) and Culture Shock ! : Japan ( 1993 ) . He was also a self taught painter and piano accordion player . Shelley began writing fiction late in life , publishing his first novel The Shrimp People in 1991 at the age of sixty one . The first substantial novel by a Singaporean writer about the Eurasian community in Singapore , it was the best selling local paperback at the Times bookshop for three consecutive weeks between 22 August and 5 September 1991 , and remained in the top five until 11 December that year .
It had been previously announced that this aircraft would be deployed on a new route to Guangzhou in November . Kenya Airways had nine Boeing 787 Dreamliners on order , as of April 2011 , although the company considered cancelling the order after systematic delays with the delivery dates . The airline received some compensation , in cash and in kind , from Boeing for the delays . Afreximbank are financing the acquisition of the 20 aircraft the airline has on order . The handover of the first Boeing 787 took place on 4 April 2014 . On 4 June 2014 ( 2014 06 04 ) , Nairobi – Paris became the first route that was served using the Boeing 787 .
Milligrams of einsteinium that would normally take a year of irradiation in a high power reactor , were produced within a microsecond . However , the major practical problem of the entire proposal was collecting the radioactive debris dispersed by the powerful blast . Aircraft filters adsorbed only about 4 × 10 − 14 of the total amount , and collection of tons of corals at Enewetak Atoll increased this fraction by only two orders of magnitude . Extraction of about 500 kilograms of underground rocks 60 days after the Hutch explosion recovered only about 1 × 10 − 7 of the total charge .
The scientists proposed different names for the elements : Urbain chose neoytterbium and lutecium , whereas Welsbach chose aldebaranium and cassiopeium ( after Aldebaran and Cassiopeia ) . Both of these articles accused the other man of publishing results based on those of the author . The International Commission on Atomic Weights , which was then responsible for the attribution of new element names , settled the dispute in 1909 by granting priority to Urbain and adopting his names as official ones , based on the fact that the separation of lutetium from Marignac 's ytterbium was first described by Urbain ; after Urbain 's names were recognized , neoytterbium was reverted to ytterbium .
Otto Frisch and Rudolf Peierls first described how a practical nuclear weapon could be constructed in the Frisch – Peierls memorandum of 1940 , the same year that the cavity magnetron , the key component of radar and later of microwave ovens , was invented by John Randall and Henry Boot . Details of these two discoveries , together with an outline of the first jet engine invented by Frank Whittle in nearby Rugby , were taken to the United States by the Tizard Mission in September 1940 , in a single black box later described by an official American historian as " the most valuable cargo ever brought to our shores " .
US 89 / US 91 turns north there , bypassing the town of Mantua to the west , and continues to ascend through Dry Canyon to Sardine Summit ( elevation 5900 feet / 1798 m ) . Another small valley leads to Wellsville Canyon , where the four lane roadway again turns east and descends into the Cache Valley . In that valley , US 89 / US 91 heads northeast , bypassing Wellsville to the east , into downtown Logan . US 91 continues northerly from Logan into Idaho , but US 89 splits to the east , beginning a long climb of the Bear River Range through Logan Canyon .
This long established club attracted a distinguished clientele who , Keeler wrote , " could look but could not touch " . Shortly after starting at Murray 's , Keeler was introduced to a client , the society osteopath Stephen Ward . Captivated by his charm , she agreed to move into his flat , in a relationship she has described as " like brother and sister " — affectionate but not sexual . She left Ward after a few months to become the mistress of the property dealer Peter Rachman , and later shared lodgings with Mandy Rice Davies , a fellow Murray 's Club dancer three years her junior .
He expressed the opinion that " in these days Kent possesses so few genuine popular customs of this kind that we cannot afford to be indifferent to those still in existence . This is my excuse for my attempt to record the custom as now existing before it is utterly lost to us . " The period in which Maylam conducted his research was one that was witnessing increased interest in the recording of Britain 's rural folk culture , in particular by members of the professional classes – of which Percy was a member – in part due to the fear that such traditions were rapidly dying out .
The royal prerogative to dissolve Parliament was abrogated by the Fixed term Parliaments Act 2011 . Section 6 ( 1 ) of the Act however specifically states that the monarch 's power to prorogue Parliament is not affected by the Act . The appointment of the prime minister is also , theoretically , governed by the royal prerogative . Technically the monarch may appoint as prime minister anyone she wants to appoint , but in practice the appointee is always the person who commands a majority in the House of Commons . Usually , this is the leader of the political party that is returned to Parliament with a majority of seats after a general election .
The Spencer Davis Group had their first UK number one with the Jackie Edwards penned " Keep on Running " ( 1965 ) , but became largely a vehicle for the young keyboard player and vocalist Steve Winwood , who at only 18 co wrote " Gimme Some Lovin ' " ( 1967 ) and " I 'm a Man " ( 1967 ) , both of which reached the Billboard 100 top 10 and became R & B standards . The Moody Blues had only one major R & B hit with a cover of " Go Now " ( 1964 ) , which reached number one in the UK and number ten in the US .
They are often large and agile in flight , and the females bite animals , including humans , to obtain blood . They prefer to fly in sunlight , avoiding dark and shady areas , and are inactive at night . They are found all over the world except for some islands and the polar regions . Adult horse flies feed on nectar and plant exudates ; the males have weak mouthparts and only the females bite animals to obtain enough protein from blood to produce eggs . The mouthparts of females are formed into a stout stabbing organ with two pairs of sharp cutting blades , and a spongelike part used to lap up the blood that flows from the wound .
At the time , the storm was forecast to make landfall between Port O 'Connor and Freeport , Texas . However , all small craft offshore from the mouth of the Rio Grande and Burrwood , Louisiana were warned to remain in port or return to the coast . All other shipping in the western Gulf of Mexico were advised to exercise extreme caution . Despite having just formed , forecasters already suggested that it would be potentially the most destructive storm of the hurricane season thus far . As a result of the storm 's intensity and repeated warnings , thousands evacuated potentially affected coastal regions .
In 1980 , during the lead up to the selection of the Olympic team , Brooks walked out of a training camp , alleging that the coaches were neglecting him , while Evans once stopped during a training session and refused to do extra mileage , emphatically proclaiming that " work is a poor substitute for talent " . Later in their careers , Evans and Brooks continued to have their clashes with swimming officialdom ; Evans over his coaches ' demands for more training mileage and Brooks over swimmers ' human rights . Brooks was later suspended twice in his career for his clashes with swimming authorities , and expelled from the Australian Institute of Sport for indiscipline .
" Danny Peary noted , " The Conqueror Worm is a stunning film in many ways , but probably Reeves 's greatest achievement is that he was able to maintain an extraordinary momentum throughout , until the film ends as it began , with a woman ( this time Sara ) screaming . " In 2000 , Derek Malcolm included Witchfinder General as part of his series The Century of Films , a list of what he considered to be the one hundred most " artistically or culturally important " movies of the 20th Century . Malcolm asserted that the film " is one of the most compulsively watchable ever made in Britain " and " transcends its genre with the sheer panache of its making .
However , its initial sales fell below expectations and its five singles failed to achieve significant chart success . Despite the album 's low initial sales , Illmatic received rave reviews from most music critics , who praised its production and Nas ' lyricism . On January 17 , 1996 , the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America , and on December 11 , 2001 it earned a Platinum certification after shipping one million copies in the United States . Since its initial reception , Illmatic has been recognized by writers and music critics as a landmark album in East Coast hip hop .
It included Oltenia and large portions of Banat , Transylvania , and Wallachia . Many colonists " from all over the Roman world " arrived and settled in the new province in the following decades . Dacia was situated over the empire 's natural borders . It was surrounded by native tribes inhabiting the regions of Crișana , Maramureș , Moldavia which are now integral part of Romania , but the Romans never annexed them . Dacia province was plundered by neighboring tribes , including the Carpians , Sarmatians , from the 230s , and by the Goths from the 250s .
His copy of the script came with a note from the production team saying , " Sorry , kill you later " . The underwater scene required Spiner to wear more make up than usual because it needed to be waterproof . LeVar Burton reprised his role of Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge ; a month before the release of Insurrection he appeared in the role in a guest appearance in the Star Trek : Voyager episode " Timeless " . Michael Dorn returned as Lieutenant Commander Worf ; Dorn had portrayed that character in Deep Space Nine since 1995 .
The New York Times reported " an entire lack of disciplined control over the whole of the ship " , and that " the officers and crew did not do their best towards saving the vessel , which they left too early " . Paul Grann , from Dorian 's boat , reported that " all order and discipline ceased on board " , and that Rogers had threatened passengers with firearms . Later press accounts condemned the crew in increasingly harsh terms ; The New York Times referred to " a ghastly desertion of duty " , and condemned the " cowardly and dastardly conduct of the crew " .
She made her film debut in The Horse Whisperer ( 1998 ) and appeared in Remember the Titans ( 2000 ) and new comers ( 2000 ) alongside Chris Evans , before landing a lead role as a teenage surfer in the box office hit Blue Crush ( 2002 ) . She also had roles in independent films , playing Dawn Schiller in the true crime film Wonderland ( 2003 ) , and as Sandra Dee in the Bobby Darin biographical drama Beyond the Sea ( 2004 ) . She also portrayed Lois Lane in Superman Returns ( 2006 ) , and has had roles in Straw Dogs ( 2011 ) and Still Alice ( 2014 ) .
The majority of clan or lineage groups were not very influential in local society . However , prominent kinship groups could enjoy a great deal of ad hoc influence , especially if a member served as a government official . Wealthy scholars or officials often shared the same kinship group with poor commoners . Since clan members were expected to defend fellow members ( even to the point of murder ) , government authorities constantly struggled to suppress powerful kinship groups . Local lineage groups formed the backbone of rebel forces in the popular uprising against Wang Mang in the early 1st century CE .
In the same year he accepted a knighthood , and declined the conductorship of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in succession to Mahler , as he felt it his duty to devote himself to the British public . Throughout the early part of the century , Wood was influential in changing the habits of concertgoers . Until then it had been customary for audiences at symphony or choral concerts to applaud after each movement or section . Wood discouraged this , sometime by gesture and sometimes by specific request printed in programmes . For this he was much praised in the musical and national press .
The race began with a succession of attacks ; eventually an eleven rider group escaped to form the day 's principal breakaway . These were Stefan Schumacher ( CCC – Sprandi – Polkowice ) , Enrico Barbin ( Bardiani – CSF ) , Jan Polanc ( Lampre Merida ) , Matteo Busato ( Southeast Pro Cycling ) , Dennis van Winden ( LottoNL Jumbo ) , Simon Geschke ( Giant Alpecin ) , Pierpaolo De Negri ( Nippo Vini Fantini ) , Marco Canola ( UnitedHealthcare ) , Cesare Benedetti ( Bora Argon 18 ) , Jérôme Coppel ( IAM Cycling ) and Oscar Gatto ( Androni Giocattoli ) .
Boyle was selected 3rd overall by the Stealth in the 2004 National Lacrosse League entry draft . In 2005 , he was named NLL Rookie of the Year . He won the rookie scoring title . He participated in the 2005 and 2007 National Lacrosse League All Star Games . In the January 20 , 2007 first box lacrosse game played at Madison Square Garden , he scored two goals and two assists , but made more news off the field when he was photographed signing autographs for Cody Lohan and his picture appeared on Perez Hilton 's blog . He was picked 8th in the 2010 Orlando Titans dispersal draft by the Philadelphia Wings .
In extant birds , such as frugivorous ( fruit eating ) pigeons , kinetic premaxillae help with consuming large food items . In 2016 , the first 3D endocast was made from the brain of the dodo ; examination found that though the brain was similar to that of other pigeons in most respects , the dodo had a comparatively large olfactory bulb . This gave the dodo a good sense of smell , which may have aided in locating fruit and small prey . Several contemporary sources state that the dodo used Gastroliths ( gizzard stones ) to aid digestion .
" Gypsy " was released as the fourth and final single off the album on 26 March 2010 . The song generated a positive response from music critics , many of whom praised its acoustic styled production . Commercially , the single was a success and charted inside the top 10 in countries like Germany , Mexico and Spain . " Gypsy " peaked at number 65 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart , while the Spanish language version of the song " Gitana " peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . An accompanying music video for the song , directed by Jaume de Laiguana , stars Spanish professional tennis player Rafael Nadal as Shakira 's love interest .
The flame fougasse was developed by the Petroleum Warfare Department in Britain as an anti tank weapon during the invasion crisis of 1940 . During that period , about 50,000 flame fougasse barrels were deployed in some 7,000 batteries , mostly in southern England and a little later at 2,000 sites in Scotland . Although never used in combat in Britain , the design saw action later in Greece . Later in World War II , Germany and Russia developed flame throwing mines that worked on a somewhat different principle . After World War II , flame fougasses similar to the original British design have been used in several conflicts including the Korean and Vietnam Wars where it was improvised from easily available parts .
He was a supporter of the Temperance Movement . Cushing was elected Calgary town councillor for a term beginning on January 20 , 1890 . He remained in that capacity until January 16 , 1893 . Two years later he became an alderman on the council of Calgary , which was now a city . He served as alderman from January 7 , 1895 until January 4 , 1897 , and again from May 1899 until January 2 , 1900 . During his last term he was elected the thirteenth mayor of Calgary , a position he held from January 2 , 1900 until January 7 , 1901 .
Despite the Governments actions to secure the peace , about this time Lachlan Mor MacLean of Duart ravaged the MacDonald islands of Islay and Gigha , slaughtering 500 — 600 men . Maclean of Duart then besieged Angus MacDonald of Dunivaig and the Glens at his Castle Dunivaig . The siege was only lifted when Macdonald of Dunivaig and the Glens agreed with Maclean of Duart to surrender half of his lands on Islay . However , despite his agreement with the Macleans , Macdonald of Dunivaig and the Glens then invaded the Maclean islands of Mull , Tiree , Coll and Luing .
First reported as a new species in 2007 , the diminutive mushroom is only found in Kanagawa , Japan , where it grows on dead fallen twigs in lowland forests dominated by hornbeam carpinus and Chinese evergreen oak trees . The mushroom has a brownish orange conical cap that has grooves extending to the center , and reaches up to 11 mm ( 0.43 in ) in diameter . Its slender stem is colored similarly to the cap , and long — up to 60 mm ( 2.4 in ) tall . Microscopic characteristics include the weakly amyloid spores ( turning blue to black when stained with Melzer 's reagent ) , the smooth , swollen cheilocystidia and pleurocystidia ( cystidia on the gill edges and faces , respectively ) with long rounded tips , the diverticulate hyphae of the cap cuticle , and the absence of clamp connections .
Frightened by all the attention , Mr. Garrison decides to return to his normal looks . Wendy reclaims Stan as her boyfriend . Wendy speaks with the Iraqi men in fluent Arabic and pays them with a wad of American money . Later , Wendy watches joyfully as the rocket blows up in the sun , and Kyle realizes Wendy hired the Iraqis to kill Ms. Ellen . Outraged by this , Kyle angrily confronts Wendy for this , but Wendy declares , " I told her : ' Don 't ... fuck ... with ... Wendy ... Testaburger ! ' " " Tom 's Rhinoplasty " was written and directed by South Park co creator Trey Parker .
British composer Arnold Cooke attended Streete Preparatory School in the early 20th century . The artist Sir William Quiller Orchardson painted several of his most well known pictures while living in Westgate on Sea . He was buried in the town in 1910 . While staying at nearby Birchington on Sea in the 1930s , the poet Sir John Betjeman wrote about the town in his poem Westgate on Sea . In 1957 , suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams spent two weeks in hiding in the town ( to escape the press ) following his controversial acquittal at the Old Bailey .
Ticketed events were also announced , including headline international acts in concert . In its first year , along with other events , Enlighten hosted rock band INXS , jazz guitarist George Benson , and world music supergroup Afro Celt Sound System . To help promote Enlighten , INXS arrived in Canberra in a helicopter , landing on the lawns of Old Parliament House two weeks before their concert appearance . INXS band member Kirk Pengilly told reporters that the show planned for Enlighten 2011 was " probably the biggest production that we 've put on at any show in Australia .
When Eckerle returns , he finds the exterminator 's body covered with roaches . Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) is coincidentally nearby , investigating reported UFO sightings in Miller 's Grove . While on the phone with Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) , Mulder is approached by the local sheriff , Frass , who reveals that a series of " roach attacks " have taken place in the town . Frass allows Mulder onto the scene at Eckerle 's residence . Elsewhere in town , a trio of teenagers drink beer and huff fumes generated from heated manure .
Large concentrations are known to occur north of the Northern Mariana Islands and in the Gulf of Sendai , and repeated sightings are reported off Bali , the east coast of Taiwan , Ryukyu Islands , Izu Islands , in Tsushima Strait , and Izu Peninsula . The modern status of the species along coastal mainland China and its vicinity is unknown . Recorded sightings have been made from almost the entire shoreline ; from Bohai and the Yellow Sea in the north to the Zhoushan Islands in the east and the Vietnam coast in the south . In the Antarctic , killer whales range up to the edge of the pack ice and are believed to venture into the denser pack ice , finding open leads much like beluga whales in the Arctic .
The council was trying to discover the identity of a blogger called " Mr Monkey " who allegedly posted libellous statements about three local councillors . On January 23 , 2012 , it was reported that Twitter would be acquiring Dasient , a startup that offers malware protection for businesses . Twitter announced plans to use Dasient to help remove hateful advertisers on the website . On January 26 , 2012 , Twitter began offering a feature which would allow tweets to be removed selectively by country . Twitter cited France and Germany as examples , where pro Nazi content is illegal .
The story was adapted in 1962 as the first film in the Bond series , with Sean Connery in the lead role ; in 2008 BBC Radio 4 broadcast a version , with Toby Stephens as Bond . After recovering from tetrodotoxin poisoning inflicted by the SMERSH agent Rosa Klebb ( in From Russia , with Love ) the MI6 agent James Bond is sent by his superior , M , on a rest cure to the British colony of Jamaica . While there he is instructed to investigate the disappearance of Commander John Strangways , the head of MI6 's Station J in Kingston , and his secretary .
In some cases , such as at Dover , this arrangement became quite sophisticated with particular castle towers being named after particular families owing castle guard duty . The links between castles and the surrounding lands and estates was particularly important during this period . Many castles , both royal and baronial , had deer parks or chases attached to them for the purposes of hunting . These usually stretched away from the village or borough associated with the castle , but occasionally a castle was placed in the centre of a park , such as at Sandal . Civil war broke out in England and raged between 1139 and 1153 , forming a turbulent period in which the rival factions of King Stephen and the Empress Matilda struggled for power .
) Elsewhere , the album explored more serious themes , and found Bowie paying unusually direct homage to his influences with " Song for Bob Dylan " , " Andy Warhol " , and " Queen Bitch " , a Velvet Underground pastiche . It was not a significant commercial success at the time . Dressed in a striking costume , his hair dyed reddish brown , Bowie launched his Ziggy Stardust stage show with the Spiders from Mars — Ronson , Bolder and Woodmansey — at the Toby Jug pub in Tolworth on 10 February 1972 . The show was hugely popular , catapulting him to stardom as he toured the UK over the next six months and creating , as described by Buckley , a " cult of Bowie " that was " unique — its influence lasted longer and has been more creative than perhaps almost any other force within pop fandom .
What would become PA 332 between Newtown and Yardley was designated part of Legislative Route 252 in 1911 . PA 332 was created in 1928 to run from PA 263 in Hatboro east to Ivyland with the road between Newtown and Yardley designated as part of PA 532 . By 1940 , PA 332 was extended to PA 113 in Newtown . The route was extended to Yardley by 1947 , replacing PA 532 . PA 332 was routed to bypass Newtown in 1991 when the eastern portion of the Newtown Bypass was completed . PA 332 begins at an intersection with PA 263 ( York Road ) in Hatboro , Montgomery County , heading east on Montgomery Avenue , a two lane undivided roadway .
In a 9 – 7 loss to the Angels on June 29 , he hit for the cycle and got his 1000th hit and 200th double ( both against Kelvim Escobar ) . He is one of four Orioles to hit for the cycle ( along with Brooks Robinson , Cal Ripken , Jr . , and Félix Pie ) and the first player to do so at Oriole Park at Camden Yards . On August 3 , his three run home run against James Shields accounted for all the Orioles ' runs in a 3 – 1 victory over Tampa Bay .
The album covers 44 tracks and has a duration of 1 : 06 : 01 . It was published by NTT Publishing / Square on August 6 , 1993 with the catalog number N25D 019 , and reprinted by NTT Publishing on August 25 , 1995 and October 1 , 2004 with the catalog numbers PSCN 5030 and NTCP 5030 . The album was well received by reviewers such as Eve C. of RPGFan , who called it " a beautifully composed CD " and said that it was one of the best soundtracks of any Super NES game . She said that the largest complaint with the album was the synthetic quality of the music necessitated by the Super NES 's sound hardware , though she noted that the music pushed the limits of the system 's hardware further than any other Super NES game .
The 38th 's retirement would be covered by the 2nd Division and other units , which would then follow the 38th westward . Any troops unable to move were encouraged to kill themselves to " uphold the honor of the Imperial Army " . From Cape Esperance the Japanese navy planned to evacuate the army forces over the last few days of January and first week of February with a projected completion date of the evacuation of 10 February . The U.S. and its Allies mistook Japanese preparations for Ke as another reinforcement attempt . With this in mind , Patch ordered his forces to launch another offensive against the Japanese forces west of the Matanikau .
After the death of Joseph Stalin , Nikita Khrushchev became the Soviet leader following the deposition and execution of Lavrentiy Beriya and the pushing aside of rivals Georgy Malenkov and Vyacheslav Molotov . On 25 February 1956 , Khrushchev shocked delegates to the 20th Congress of the Soviet Communist Party by cataloguing and denouncing Stalin 's crimes . As part of a campaign of de Stalinization , he declared that the only way to reform and move away from Stalin 's policies would be to acknowledge errors made in the past . On 18 November 1956 , while addressing Western ambassadors at a reception at the Polish embassy in Moscow , Khrushchev used his famous " Whether you like it or not , history is on our side .
" Cook 's story has been told through different media . The 700 Club did a full length documentary about his life , which aired worldwide . Cook wrote a religious self help book , Inspirational Words about the issues he overcame . On November 11 , 2009 , Cook was diagnosed with a parathyroid tumor in his neck . Doctors assessed that the tumor was pressing against his vocal cords making it virtually impossible for him to perform . He was treated at Vanderbilt University Medical Center . Cook 's first solo Christian album , Come Follow Me , was released in 1985 .
The episodes allow the player to assume the roles of Captain James T. Kirk , Mr. Spock , Dr. Leonard McCoy , Lt. Hikaru Sulu , Ensign Pavel Chekov , and Engineer Montgomery " Scotty " Scott . The first episode was to involve the murder of a Romulan ambassador who was seeking to reunite the races , placing the player in control of Dr. McCoy initially . The character that the player controlled would change as they progressed through the game . The creators sought to have the player control Spock during one of the Vulcan 's mind melds .
" Michael Sheyahshe , author of Native Americans in Comic Books , listed " the continued objectification of the Indigenous female character , Tala , in Darkwatch " among " cultural ‘ ouchies ’ in video games " . She was also discussed in the book Sex in Video Games by Brenda Brathwaite and in Fantasy Women by Amanda Greenslade . Jericho Cross was included among the top five vampires in games by Laurie Anne Vazquez of 2D X in 2012 , and on the 2013 list of ten most notable vampire characters in video games by Kotaku 's Gergo Vas , who wrote that " the weird western steampunk hybrid style , mixed with classic vampire lore made this character ( and the game !
The idea for the episode was pitched while the series ' staff were coming up with story ideas for the twelfth season . The staff had noticed that viewers responded well to " Simpsons Bible Stories " , and decided to write another trilogy episode because of the warm response . The singing hobo in the episode was voiced by Hank Azaria . He would originally be voiced by Jim Carrey , but he dropped out when he found out that he was too busy to record his lines . In its original broadcast , the episode was seen by approximately 7.8 million viewers , finishing in 33rd place in the ratings the week it aired .
Kuznetsova and Agnieszka Radwańska have played each other fifteen times since 2007 , with Kuznetsova leading the head to head 11 – 4 . Their first meeting was at Wimbledon in 2007 with Kuznetsova winning in straight sets . Kuznetsova won their first three meetings , but in the four meetings that eventuated in 2008 , Kuznetsova lost three of them , including in the third round of the Australian Open and in the fourth round of Wimbledon . Additionally , she also lost against her at the year end championships later in the year , after Radwańska replaced an injured Ana Ivanovic .
It also gives unparalleled authority and legitimacy based on the consensus of its members " . Dutton concluded that " given the strength of this unparalleled military coalition , and the political and financial commitment to building the long term stability of Afghanistan and the region , failure should not be contemplated " . He was awarded the American Legion of Merit ( Degree of Officer ) , and given permission to wear the decoration , " in recognition of meritorious , gallant and distinguished services during coalition operations in Afghanistan " . Dutton retired from active service on 3 May 2010 .
Norton drew parallels between redemption in the film and redemption in The Graduate , indicating that the protagonists of both films find a middle ground between two divisions of self . Fincher considered the novel too infatuated with Tyler Durden and changed the ending to move away from him : " I wanted people to love Tyler , but I also wanted them to be OK with his vanquishing . " Studio executives Mechanic and Ziskin planned an initial budget of US $ 23 million to finance the film , but by the start of production , the budget was increased to $ 50 million .
In the non breeding season , they gather into large flocks , which appear to be many self contained individual groups rather than a single social unit . Within the flock , families tend to remain separate and to coordinate their activities with one another rather than with the flock as a whole . When taking off from the ground the flight is ungainly , with much flapping of wings . The bird 's black wingtips are visible while it is in the air and once it gathers speed , its flight is much more graceful and it often ascends to great heights .
For its first 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) , the highway runs through a wooded area along the northern edge of the Rockefeller State Park Preserve , crossing under several of the park 's hiking and walking trails . Phelps Way ends at the northeastern tip of the park , where NY 117 intersects with the northern terminus of NY 448 at Bedford Road . While NY 448 ends here , Bedford Road continues on as part of NY 117 . After NY 448 , NY 117 becomes a four lane , undivided at grade street as it heads northeast through a residential area of Mount Pleasant .
Two light novels written by Hiroko Tokita and illustrated by Kobayashi were published in April 2004 and December 2007 ; four official guidebooks illustrated by Kobayashi and written by his editors have also been released . Del Rey Manga publishes the English translation of School Rumble . In the translation , Del Rey Manga maintained the traditional Japanese name order to preserve puns based on the characters ' names . Funimation published the first and second anime seasons and the Extra Class OVAs in English . School Rumble has been translated into additional languages , although the final two episodes , the video games , and guidebooks have yet to be released outside Japan .
Responsibility for the development of the base passed from Krueger 's Alamo Force to Kinkaid 's Allied Naval Forces on 18 May 1944 . It was proposed control would ultimately pass to SOPAC but it never did . Momote airfield was found to have been constructed on a coral subbase with an overburden of coconut palm humus , over which the Japanese had laid a thin layer of coral and coral sand . This would not withstand heavy use , so 40th Naval Construction Battalion , 8th Engineer Squadron , and Shore Battalion of the 592nd EBSR had to strip away the humus and lay a new coral surface .
The Jesuits introduced cattle breeding . In each settlement , one of the Jesuits was responsible for church matters , while another dealt with commercial affairs and the general well being of the community . As the Swiss priest , musician and architect Fr . Martin Schmid wrote in a 1744 letter from San Rafael : „ ... the Missionary Priests ... are not only parish priests who have preach , hear confessions and govern souls , they are also responsible for the life and health of their parishioners and must provide all the things needed by their towns , because the soul cannot be saved if the body dies .
This episode reintroduces and resolves Veronica 's rape , introduced earlier in the season . However , it had been largely ignored until this point in the series . The episode was the third and final episode of the series directed by Marcos Siega , after " Drinking the Kool Aid " and " Mars vs. Mars " . In addition , the episode marks regular writer Diane Ruggiero 's sixth writing credit for the show . After the episode aired , Rob Thomas called the episode " our high water mark " . Commenting on Ruggiero writing the episode , he stated , " She was really my right hand writing the series , and it felt good to have someone who knew the voices as well as I did .
He ushered through Congress a bill extending the Freedmen 's Bureau beyond its scheduled abolition in 1867 , and the first Civil Rights Bill , to grant citizenship to the freedmen . Trumbull met several times with Johnson , and was convinced the President would sign the measures ( Johnson rarely contradicted visitors , often fooling those who met with him into thinking he was in accord ) . In fact , the President opposed both bills as infringements on state sovereignty . Additionally , both of Trumbull 's bills were unpopular among white Southerners , whom Johnson hoped to include in his new party .
Popular young adult novel " Eleanor & Park " by Rainbow Rowell ( St. Martin 's Press , 2013 ) takes place in Omaha . The 1935 winner of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing was named Omaha , and after traveling the world the horse eventually retired to a farm south of the city . The horse made promotional appearances at Ak Sar Ben during the 1950s and following his death in 1959 was buried at the racetrack 's Circle of Champions . Sports have been important in Omaha for more than a century , and the city currently plays host to three minor league professional sports teams .
In addition several albums by the Rat Pack , multiple karaoke albums and dozens of Frank Sinatra albums have versions of the song . The lyric , " Each time I roam / Chicago is calling me home " is echoed in a 1985 song , written and perform by Paul David Wilson , and featuring artist by Lee Montgomery called " Calling Me Home , Chicago " , [ 1 ] which includes the line " Chicago is calling me home " . Unlike the lively " My Kind of Town " , " Calling Me Home , Chicago " is a leisurely paced ballad .
A former footballer and sports broadcaster , Icke has made his name since the 1990s as a professional conspiracy theorist , calling himself a " full time investigator into who and what is really controlling the world . " He is the author of over 20 books and numerous DVDs , and has lectured in over 25 countries , speaking for up to 10 hours to audiences that cut across the political spectrum . Icke was a BBC television sports presenter and spokesman for the Green Party , when a psychic told him , in 1990 , that he had been placed on Earth for a purpose and would begin to receive messages from the spirit world .
Little Castle Lake is within the Castle Crags Wilderness Area . Heart Lake , another small tarn , located above the headwall of Castle Lake , may also be reached via an informal cut off from the Little Castle Lake trail . At this point , the well known Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail is one half mile ( 1 km ) away , just over the Trinity Divide . The Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail stretches from Mexico to Canada , following the highest portion of the Sierra Nevada , Klamath Mountains , and Cascade Range and paralleling the Pacific Ocean by 100 to 150 miles ( 161 to 241 km ) .
In early screen tests , Pixar impressed Disney with the technical innovation but convincing Disney of the plot was more difficult . At each presentation by Pixar , Katzenberg would tear much of it up , giving out detailed comments and notes . Katzenberg 's big push was to add more edginess to the two main characters . Disney wanted the film to appeal to both children and adults , and asked for adult references to be added to the film . After many rounds of notes from Katzenberg and other Disney execs , the general consensus was that Woody had been stripped of almost all charm .
It nonetheless has high conservation importance in at least one context : it is a keystone mutualist in the Avon Wheatbelt , where it is the only source of nectar during a critical period of the year when no other nectar producing plant is in flower . The loss of B. prionotes from the region would therefore mean the loss of all the honeyeaters as well , and this would affect the many other species of plants that rely on honeyeaters for pollination . The primary vegetation community in which Banksia prionotes occurs in the Avon Wheatbelt is considered a priority ecological community , and is proposed for formal gazetting as a threatened ecological community under the name " Banksia prionotes and Xylomelum angustifolium low woodlands on transported yellow sand " .
Since 1923 , Macaulay had run a cricket outfitters in Leeds and Wakefield with his Yorkshire team mate Herbert Sutcliffe , borrowing £ 250 from his mother to help establish the business . During the winter of 1924 – 25 , the shop became a limited company and Macaulay one of its directors . According to Sutcliffe 's biographer Alan Hill , Macaulay quickly lost interest , and the partnership was dissolved a year later , but Sutcliffe made the lone venture a success . Macaulay received £ 900 from the outfitters upon his resignation . Macaulay 's most successful season in terms of wickets was 1925 , despite a very dry summer which produced a succession of good batting pitches .
Allmusic wrote the album was an " excellent debut " that " hints at a lot of potential " and observed the " most remarkable aspect of the Game is how he can be such a blatant product of gangsta rap ... and leave a mark so fast . " Rolling Stone noted The Game was " going for emotional impact rather than dazzling wordplay or laughs " and PopMatters described him as " a self conscious , malicious , nihilistic gangsta rapper with a heart and lyrical content " . On the other hand , Robert Christgau believed the album was " dull even when he isn 't describing his medical problems , this no talent is masscult rock at its most brazen " .
In case any of this should be resisted , Parliament passed the Treasons Act 1534 , which made it high treason punishable by death to deny Royal Supremacy . The following year , Thomas More and John Fisher were executed under this legislation . Finally , in 1536 , Parliament passed the Act against the Pope 's Authority , which removed the last part of papal authority still legal . This was Rome 's power in England to decide disputes concerning Scripture . The break with Rome was not , by itself , a Reformation . That was to come from the dissemination of ideas .
Miller often required a contest to retain interest in the game . He deplored Bradman 's ruthless attitude towards annihilating the opposition and sometimes refused to try when Australia was in an unassailable position . At Southend in 1948 , as the Australians scored a world record 721 runs in a single day against Essex , Miller , coming in to bat when the score was 2 / 364 , allowed himself to be bowled first ball . Indeed , he " turned to the wicketkeeper and said : " Thank God that 's over " . " His teammate Sid Barnes said that if Miller " had the same outlook as Bradman or Ponsford he would have made colossal scores " and become " the statisticians ' greatest customer " .
In doing so , they secured a water source and a quantity of supplies , although a large amount of equipment was lost to a fire that had been set by the withdrawing garrison . The 12th then took up an observation position at El Dhenebbe to support the British flank before moving to Wadi Menakh on 18 November to water their horses . They were then ordered to launch an attack around Latron during the Battle of Nebi Samwil , but after moving to Abu Shushen where they dismounted , the regiment was recalled to Junction Station . From there , the following day amidst heavy rain they moved to Deiran .
He called a new meeting of the Junta , and produced a paper left at his home which said , " If Liniers does not die , LET HIM LIVE ! " ( note : the second part was written in capital letters in the original ) . The Junta agreed to fire Ocampo and replace him with Castelli , with Nicolás Rodríguez Peña as secretary and Domingo French leading the escort . They intercepted the convoy at Cabeza de Tigre and executed them , except for Bishop Orellana , because of his religious endowment . The Auxiliary Army , commanded by Ocampo and Castelli , was renamed as the Army of the North , and launched the First Alto Perú campaign .
The company began a public relations campaign to discredit the Guatemalan government ; it hired public relations expert Edward Bernays , who ran a concerted campaign of misinformation to portray the company as the victim of the Guatemalan government for several years . The company stepped up its efforts after Dwight Eisenhower had been elected in 1952 . These included commissioning a research study on Guatemala from a firm known to be hawkish , which produced a 235 page report that was highly critical of the Guatemalan government . Historians have stated that the report was full of " exaggerations , scurrilous descriptions and bizarre historical theories .
Representatives of White Finland in Berlin duly requested help on 14 February ; on 13 February the German Imperial Military Council had made the decision to send troops to Finland . The Germans attacked Russia on 18 February ; the offensive led to a rapid collapse and retreat of the Russian troops and to signature of the first Treaty of Brest Litovsk by the Bolsheviks on 3 March 1918 . Finland , the Baltic countries , Poland and Ukraine were transferred to the German power sphere . The economic and political investments that Germany had made in Vladimir Lenin had paid off .
Pearson called the album an attempt to secure a safer territory and assure sales , after the success of past works , calling it more boring than its predecessors . Other reviewers noted influences from cult British band XTC . In July 2009 " Tomorrow " was voted number 33 by the Australian public in Triple J 's Hottest 100 of all time . As of May 2011 , the group have sold in excess of six million albums . At the annual ARIA Music Awards , Silverchair holds the record for the most nominated artist , with 49 , and the most number of awards won , with 21 .
In 1978 the hijacked 727 100 aircraft was sold by Northwest to Piedmont Airlines where it was reregistered N838N and continued in domestic carrier service . In 1984 it was purchased by the now defunct charter company Key Airlines , reregistered N29KA , and incorporated into the Air Force 's civilian charter fleet that shuttled workers between Nellis Air Force Base and the Tonopah Test Range during the top secret F 117 Nighthawk development program . In 1996 the aircraft was scrapped for parts in a Memphis boneyard . In late April 2013 Earl Cossey , the owner of the skydiving school that furnished the four parachutes given to Cooper , was found dead in his home in Woodinville , a suburb of Seattle .
The circle also influenced goings on in other learned societies , such as the Society of Antiquaries of London . After Macclesfield 's retirement , the circle had Lord Morton elected in 1764 and Sir John Pringle elected in 1772 . By this point , the previous Whig " majority " had been reduced to a " faction " , with Birch and Willoughby no longer involved , and the circle declined in the same time frame as the political party did in British politics under George III , falling apart in the 1780s . In 1780 , the society moved again , this time to Somerset House .
Arranged in a spiral pattern , the flowers open from the bottom of the flowerhead inwards . Flowering is followed by the development of the round fruiting cones , which have a diameter of 1 – 1.6 cm ( 3 ⁄ 8 – 5 ⁄ 8 in ) . The seed bearing nuts are small — up to 4 mm ( 3 ⁄ 16 in ) across — and lined with hairs . Swedish naturalist Daniel Solander , after collecting a specimen at Botany Bay in 1770 on the first voyage of Captain James Cook , was the first to write of this species .
The station was opened as part of the first segment of the Syretsko Pecherska Line on 31 December 1989 . It serves as a transfer station to the Teatralna station of the Sviatoshynsko Brovarska Line . It is located near the city 's Golden Gate , from which the station takes its name . The original design plans for the station called for a clean utilitarian structure typical of metro stations of that period . Due to the efforts of the city 's chief architect Mykola Zharikov , the design was scrapped in favor of one that resembles an ancient Kievan Rus ' temple by Borys Zhezherin , Vadym Zhezherin , and Zharikov himself .
Often credited as rock 's first triple album , it was the first triple set of previously unissued music by a single act , the multi artist Woodstock live album having preceded it by six months . Adding to the commercial appeal of Harrison 's songs , Clayson writes , All Things Must Pass appeared at a time when religion and spirituality had become " a turn of the decade craze " among Western youth , just as the Twist had been in 1960 . Another factor behind the album 's first weeks of release was Harrison 's meeting with McCartney in New York , the failure of which led to McCartney filing suit in London 's High Court to dissolve the Beatles ' legal partnership .
( The latter wrote her 9 / 11 motivated song " I Was Here " for 4 . ) In May 2011 , Billboard magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the " Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters " , for having co written eight singles that hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . She was one of only three women on that list . Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence . Aged five , Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have realized her purpose .
" This continues by Spears singing the first verse , after which Minaj says " It 's Britney , bitch . I 'm Nicki Minaj and that 's Kesha ! " , and the first chorus is sung by the latter . Spears continues with the song and is accompanied by Kesha towards the end of the second verse and the bridge . The remix also features a dubstep breakdown , reminiscent of " Hold It Against Me " . Tina Hart of MSN UK stated that " [ Minaj ] maintain [ s ] her ‘ badass ’ demeanour .
An adult 's diet is largely fish , caught by sweeping the snout sideways and snapping at the prey , but also includes shrimps , crabs , frogs , snakes , birds and medium sized mammals . A crocodile catches its prey by stealth with a flick of its head , impaling it with its sharp teeth and gripping and crushing it . The jaws cannot move sideways to chew the food ; instead , the crocodile 's head is tossed to move the prey to the back of the mouth before the prey is swallowed whole . This crocodile is surprisingly agile and can lunge its body upward into the air to catch bats , flying birds , and leaping fish .
He got a sudden case of religious sensitivity when it was his religion featured on the show . To bring the civil rights struggle into this is just a non sequitur . Of course we will release Isaac from his contract and we wish him well . " According to a later commentary by Stone , prior to the episode 's screening Hayes had asked the South Park creators to have Comedy Central pull the episode before it aired and not include it in the series DVD , which they refused . There were many conflicting stories as to the exact nature of Hayes ' departure .
The auction gave fans " an opportunity to own a piece of their favorite show " . Several Eve related items were offered for sale , including a medical coat splattered with blood from her botched surgery on Julian and a framed copy of her medical degree . Eve 's character and storylines received a mixed response from Passions ' cast members . Johnson praised the show for its use of its African American characters like Eve . He appreciated the show ’ s representation of " a full African American family " on daytime television with serious storylines , not " just a flash in the pan " .
Though the format reduced the page count , it maintained the same amount of story by reducing the size of the panels reproduced . As The Shooting Star progressed , Hergé cut up and laid out clippings of the strip in an exercise book in preparation for the new layouts . It was the first volume of The Adventures of Tintin to be originally published in the 62 page full colour format that thereafter was the series standard ( as opposed to first being published in a black and white newspaper strip reproduction format that all prior books had done ) .
Nevertheless , the Navy developed several naval aircraft before and during the war , including a pair of seaplane fighters , the W.12 and the W.29 , both built by Hansa Brandenburg . Twin engined torpedo floatplanes were also designed . Regardless of the preference toward airships , several small merchant vessels were converted into seaplane carriers during World War I. They carried only two to four aircraft each , however , and were too slow to operate with the High Seas Fleet . The light cruiser Stuttgart , which was fast enough to steam with the Fleet , was converted into a seaplane carrier in 1918 .
Today , it lies within the old village graveyard . Not far from the church on the way linking it to the village is Mosta ( Моста , “ The Bridge ” ) , a natural bridge rock formation . The church is a small and simple rectangular single nave building constructed out of crushed stone ; the walls range in thickness from 85 to 90 cm ( 33 to 35 in ) . It is accessible via an entrance on its west wall . The wooden door is 2 m ( 6.6 ft ) high and is topped by a shallow semicircular niche .
In an interview , Bray said , " She [ Madonna ] was very much in love . It was obvious if she 's in love she 'll write love songs . If she 's not in love she definitely won 't be writing love songs . " In 2015 , Madonna said that " True Blue " is " a song about true love . I didn 't know what I was talking about when I wrote it . " " True Blue " is a dance pop song inspired by the Motown 's girl groups from the 1960s which are considered the direct antecedents of Madonna 's musical sound .
In August , Zersenay was among some forty runners competing for the medals in the 10,000 metres Olympic final . Zersenay 's brother , Kidane , was also competing and he led for most of first half of what was a quick race . Zersenay Tadese had the lead at the 7 – 8000 m mark but Bekele and Sihine sprinted into first and second . Although Zersenay 's time almost equalled the previous Olympic record for the event , he ended up one second behind Kenyans Moses Masai and Micah Kogo , taking fifth place overall . After the Olympics , Zersenay returned to Eritrea and trained for one month to prepare for the 2008 World Half Marathon Championships in Rio de Janeiro .
When mounted in distilled water , they have a coarsely warty surface and appear rusty brown in colour . When mounted in a 3 % KOH solution , the spores are pale lilac grey , and the surface ornamentation forms swollen pustules that loosen and dissolve . Spores are dextrinoid ( meaning they turn reddish brown when stained with Melzer 's reagent ) and cyanophilic ( red in acetocarmine ) . The basidia are club shaped , and four spored with sterigmata up to 9.5 μm long . The ridges of the locules comprise erect cystidia mixed with chains of erect cylindrical hyphae measuring 4 – 6 μm in diameter .
While on tour to support The System Has Failed , Megadeth frontman , guitarist , and vocalist Dave Mustaine contemplated breaking up Megadeth to record as a solo artist . At a sold out concert in Buenos Aires , Mustaine stated the band would stay together . The show in Buenos Aires , at which this information was announced , was recorded and released on CD and DVD as That One Night : Live in Buenos Aires . Megadeth had a new band lineup , aside from Mustaine , comprising Glen Drover ( guitar ) , James LoMenzo ( bass guitar ) , and Shawn Drover ( drums ) .
As First Lady of Texas , Bush implemented many initiatives focused on health , education , and literacy . In 1999 , she aided her husband in campaigning for the presidency in a number of ways , most notably delivering a keynote address at the 2000 Republican National Convention , which gained her national attention . She became First Lady after her husband defeated Democrat Al Gore in the 2000 U.S. Presidential Election . Polled by The Gallup Organization as one of the most popular First Ladies , Bush was involved in national and global concerns during her tenure . She continued to advance her trademark interests of education and literacy by establishing the semi annual National Book Festival in 2001 , and encouraged education on a worldwide scale .
" On December 3 , 2011 , Occupy Portland established camp in the South Park Blocks . Other events have included Artquake , an art festival that attracted 200,000 people on Labor Day weekends in the Park Blocks from 1982 until at least 2003 and based on an art show that began in July 1949 , a 1983 protest against U.S. nuclear missiles placed in Europe ( 3,000 protesters ) , an Oregon Public Employees Union strike in 1987 , a rally with presidential candidate Michael Dukakis in 1988 , Shakespeare in the Parks in 1989 , a 1990 rally to pay tribute to Mulugeta Seraw , killed in Portland by white power skinheads in 1988 , which had 1,500 people with 150 police officers defending against skinheads , and the Homowo Festival of African Arts held from 1990 to at least 2004 .
Although music critics and Harrison biographers have generally viewed the album track in an unfavourable light , several concert reviewers identified it as an effective opener for the shows . " Hari 's on Tour " is one of only two songs from the 1974 tour to have been released officially , after a live version was included on the limited edition Songs by George Harrison 2 EP in 1992 . This live recording was taken from the Washington , DC stop on the tour , during which Harrison met with President Gerald Ford at the White House . George Harrison first worked with jazz saxophonist , flautist and arranger Tom Scott in April 1973 , during the Los Angeles sessions for Ravi Shankar 's Shankar Family & Friends album .
To bring the signal to the oscilloscope , he devised an oversized coaxial transmission line , whose inner conductor was made smaller as it went from chamber to oscilloscope . Because this configuration enhanced the signal reaching the oscilloscope , there was no need for amplification . To confirm this surprising behaviour , Rossi consulted with Harvard professor Edward Purcell . A few days after the test , Rossi went into the darkroom with Fermi , and before the newly developed film was dry , they were able to compute the initial growth rate of nuclear activity , which was crucial information for future weapons development .
Rainie then began blackmailing Ian for more money in return for keeping his actions secret from the police and his fiance Denise Fox ( Diane Parish ) . Her appearances became more regular from July 2014 onwards , with her stepping up her blackmail and revealing Ian 's actions to Denise 's protective father figure , Patrick Trueman ( Rudolph Walker ) . In August 2014 , Ian 's friend Mick Carter , played by Danny Dyer , pulled over behind Ian and Rainie when he spotted them talking . Ian drove off and Rainie approaches Mick , believing him to be a customer of her prostitute services .
Arsenal had started the 1933 – 34 season solidly , but in January 1934 Herbert Chapman died suddenly from pneumonia . Despite this , under caretaker manager Joe Shaw Arsenal retained the title that season ; Hulme and James were both out with injury for a large portion , and so Arsenal were not the attacking side they had been the previous season , scoring only 75 in the League , compared with 118 in 1932 – 33 . George Allison ( who had formerly been a director of the club ) took over the job of team manager in summer 1934 and soon signed new blood for the side , including wing halves Jack Crayston and Wilf Copping ( whose signings had been initiated by Chapman ) , and striker Ted Drake .
All rings of Uranus show azimuthal brightness variations . The rings are made of an extremely dark material . The geometric albedo of the ring particles does not exceed 5 – 6 % , while the Bond albedo is even lower — about 2 % . The rings particles demonstrate a steep opposition surge — an increase of the albedo when the phase angle is close to zero . This means that their albedo is much lower when they are observed slightly off the opposition . The rings are slightly red in the ultraviolet and visible parts of the spectrum and grey in near infrared .
A wide barren swath was torn through the forest . A great explosion blasted out a new crater three days later on May 22 , 1915 . A volcanic cloud rose 40,000 ft ( 12,000 m ) , but a portion of the explosive force was deflected downward . The resulting pyroclastic flow of super heated gas , rocks and ash roared down the same path taken by the mudflow , resulting in further damage along the headwaters of Hat and Lost Creeks . Ash from the eruption blew eastward with some fine ash falling at least as far as 200 mi ( 320 km ) from the volcano .
The Christian churches were also oppressed , with many leaders imprisoned . Education focused on racial biology , population policy , and fitness for military service . Career and educational opportunities for women were curtailed . Recreation and tourism were organised via the Strength Through Joy program , and the 1936 Summer Olympics showcased the Third Reich on the international stage . Propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels made effective use of film , mass rallies , and Hitler 's hypnotising oratory to control public opinion . The government controlled artistic expression , promoting specific art forms and banning or discouraging others .
He also named The Raid films as inspiration for the sequence . There were only a few days to plan and set up the fight , as opposed to a film which would allow " at least a couple of weeks " , and it took 7 or 8 takes to get the shot right . Silvera explained that the scene was always scripted to be a one shot , and that he had intended to work around it with wipes , but Abraham challenged the team to do it all for real , which allowed the fight to feel more grounded by having them " slow down the fight , and just have this raw , animalistic feeling happening .
A portion of the Canadian Shield is shown covered with red maple leaves and gold maple seeds . Standing upon this on either side are two red and white raven bears with golden beaks and claws . Motto HONORENTUR PATRIAM HONORANTES . Let us honour those who honour our country . The current arms of the authority were confirmed in a warrant by the Governor General on 15 January 1994 , in honour of the authority 's fifth anniversary , which was celebrated the previous year . The full armorial bearings of the Canadian Heraldic Authority incorporate aboriginal symbolism , as seen in the mythical raven bears , as well as the national symbol of the maple leaf and the traditional Canadian colours of red and white , which were made official by King George V in 1921 .
Similar to the submarine , the stealth bomber uses more fuel when stealth is activated ; however , it can only be attacked by certain units . The other new air unit is the Black Bomb , which can self destruct , damaging units around it . Other new features include the Com Tower , a new property that , when captured , increases the firepower of all allied units . However , it provides no funds and cannot perform repairs . Black Crystals heal Black Hole units surrounding them . The Black Obelisk , which has the approximate look of a Black Cannon , also functions like a Black Crystal .
At about the same time , Mary 's father learned of Shelley 's inability to pay off the father 's debts . Mary , who later wrote of " my excessive and romantic attachment to my father " , was confused . She saw Percy Shelley as an embodiment of her parents ' liberal and reformist ideas of the 1790s , particularly Godwin 's view that marriage was a repressive monopoly , which he had argued in his 1793 edition of Political Justice but since retracted . On 28 July 1814 , the couple eloped and secretly left for France , taking Mary 's stepsister , Claire Clairmont , with them , but leaving Percy 's pregnant wife behind .
Spices were treasured and very expensive at that time – they included pepper , cinnamon , cloves , nutmeg , and mace . Some spices used then , but no longer today in French cuisine are cubebs , long pepper ( both from vines similar to black pepper ) , grains of paradise , and galengale . Sweet sour flavors were commonly added to dishes with vinegars and verjus combined with sugar ( for the affluent ) or honey . A common form of food preparation was to finely cook , pound and strain mixtures into fine pastes and mushes , something believed to be beneficial to make use of nutrients .
Tonbridge School was founded in 1553 by Sir Andrew Judd , who made a fortune in the Muscovy fur trade during the 16th century . His endowment was left in the hands of the Skinners Company , who agreed to fund the establishment of a commercial school in Tonbridge in 1875 . However , the Charity Commissioners – empowered by the 1869 Endowed Schools Act to govern the establishment of charitably funded schools – directed that the £ 20,000 provided by The Skinners ' Company for this cause be taken to neighbouring Tunbridge Wells , where it was used to establish The Skinners ' School in September 1887 .
Construction started in August 1999 when the site was cleared . The removal and relocation of the Giant Wheel began in October on closing day ; the first of 226 supports were installed on October 11 , starting at the brake run . Two hundred twenty six footers , each about 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) deep were dug ; the largest ones were 56 by 56 feet ( 17 by 17 m ) . The concrete construction was done by Mosser Construction . The lift hill was topped off in early January 2000 . The ride 's construction took seven months , and 120 construction workers and project managers participated .
Upon retiring from the military , Garrett became principal of the Australian Administrative Staff College , a private institution delivering courses to senior business and government personnel at Mount Eliza , Victoria . During his four year tenure , he lobbied for the reintroduction of conscription , and when the Federal government brought in a new selective service scheme in 1965 , he was invited to draw the first ballot of names . Garrett also advocated that the Army should have a division ready for war at all times . He served as honorary colonel of the Royal Australian Regiment and the Royal Western Australia Regiment from 1960 until 1965 , when he was appointed Chairman of the Western Australian Coastal Shipping Commission , a position he held until 1970 .
Creutz in turn recruited a number of young physicists who had worked with him at Princeton and on the Manhattan Project in Chicago and Los Alamos , including Martyn Foss , Jack Fox , Roger Sutton and Sergio DeBenedetti . Together , with funding from the Office of Naval Research they built a 450 MeV synchrotron at the Nuclear Research Center near Saxonburg , Pennsylvania . For a time , This put them at the forefront of research into nuclear physics , allowing physicists there to study the recently discovered pi meson and mu meson . A visiting scholar , Gilberto Bernardini , created the first photographic emulsion of a meson .
The Galaxy S5 's failure to oust the iPhone 5S from the top selling spot was major setback for Samsung Mobile , as the preceding Samsung Galaxy SIII and Samsung Galaxy S4 , in the first quarter of their releases , had outsold the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 , respectively . A number of technology writers , including Adrian Kingsley Hughes and Kevin Roose of New York believed that the fingerprint scanning functionality of the iPhone 5S could help spur the adoption of the technology as an alternative to passwords by mainstream users ( especially in " bring your own device " scenarios ) , as fingerprint based authentication systems have only enjoyed wider usage in enterprise environments .
No one was killed , but Jones suffered a severe back strain and a bruised kidney . The National Transportation Safety Board later determined that the pilot and co pilot had not properly attached an engine cowling that knocked off the tail rotor blade . Both pilots maintained that they did nothing wrong , and Jones credited them for the survival of the passengers aboard the helicopter . Although fellow Democrats controlled two thirds of the Kentucky General Assembly , Jones never developed a good working relationship with the legislature . This was due in part to remarks Jones made in the wake of the Operation Boptrot investigation that led to the conviction of 15 sitting or former state legislators .
These visual keys help the audience know who to root for in the film and what behaviours and morals you wish to follow if you want to achieve greatness like the heroes . McKinstry argues that Disney " prefers to portray one demographic of princess , simultaneously alienating so much of their fanbase " , pointing out that of the " ten Disney Princesses in the brand , six are white " . The importance of Mulan and other non white princesses can be seen in the 2009 study of the effects of children 's cartoons on the body image of young girls by doctors Sharon Hayes and Stacey Tantleff Dunn .
' Green Amman 2020 ' was initiated in 2014 , aiming to turn the city to a green metropolis by 2020 . According to official statistics , only 2.5 % of Amman is green space . In 2015 , ( GAM ) and Zain Jordan started operating free of charge Wi Fi services at 15 different locations , including Wakalat Street , Rainbow Street , The Hashemite Plaza , Ashrafieh Cultural Complex , Zaha Cultural Centre , Al Hussein Cultural Center , Al Hussein Public Parks and others . Jordan is divided into twelve administrative divisions , each called a governorate .
Slightly more elevated sections of the plains of the northern sections of Jackson Hole form forest islands with one such obvious example being Timbered Island . In this ecotone , forested islands surrounded by sagebrush expanses provide shelter for various animal species during the day and nearby grasses for night time foraging . While the flora of Grand Teton National Park is generally healthy , the whitebark pine , and to a lesser degree the lodgepole pine , are considered at risk . In the case of the whitebark pine , an invasive species of fungus known as white pine blister rust weakens the tree , making it more susceptible to destruction from endemic mountain pine beetles .
was released in January 1988 and was well received by fans and critics . The album featured a cover version of the Sex Pistols ' " Anarchy in the U.K. " ; Mustaine changed the song 's lyrics , later saying that he had simply heard them incorrectly . To support the album , Megadeth embarked on a world tour , opening for Dio in Europe and then joining Iron Maiden 's Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour in the United States . In August , the band appeared at the Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington in the United Kingdom , performing to an audience of more than 100,000 .
He determined that a form of invisible light or rays emitted by uranium had exposed the plate . A team led by Enrico Fermi in 1934 observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons produces the emission of beta rays ( electrons or positrons from the elements produced ; see beta particle ) . The fission products were at first mistaken for new elements of atomic numbers 93 and 94 , which the Dean of the Faculty of Rome , Orso Mario Corbino , christened ausonium and hesperium , respectively . The experiments leading to the discovery of uranium 's ability to fission ( break apart ) into lighter elements and release binding energy were conducted by Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann in Hahn 's laboratory in Berlin .
To capture the essence of performances given by great masters , every detail in movements and positions was reproduced by others , generally resulting in an increasingly slow , ceremonial tempo over time . The fall of the Tokugawa shogunate in 1868 and the formation of a new modernized government resulted in the end of financial support by the government , and the entire field of Noh experienced major financial crisis . Shortly after the Meiji Restoration both the number of Noh performers and Noh stages greatly diminished . The support from the imperial government was eventually regained partly due to Noh 's appeal to foreign diplomats .
Two of the American pilots , James McGovern , Jr. and Wallace Buford , were killed in action during the siege of Điện Biên Phủ . On 25 February 2005 , the seven still living American pilots were awarded the French Legion of Honor by Jean David Levitte , the French ambassador to the United States . The role that the American pilots played in this battle had remained little known until 2004 . The American historian Erik Kirsinger researched the case for more than a year to establish the facts . French author Jules Roy suggests that Admiral Radford discussed with the French the possibility of using nuclear weapons in support of the French garrison .
Re enactors demonstrate pottery , yarn spinning , and other medieval craft . These enthusiasts come from foreign countries , such as Belarus and Hungary . The German Mittelalter rock band Schelmish has performed several times at the festival . Short bouts of simulated duels are performed in the camp and a jousting tournament was also featured . The festival has attracted visitors from as far as New Zealand and the west coast of the United States ; the local tabloid quoted an estimate of 25,000 visitors to the festival in 2003 . Although the town council of Tewkesbury plays no part in organising the festival , it has supported the event by giving it grants ( the amount for 2005 and 2008 was £ 1,000 each ) .
More dubiously , the Daddies have also retained a particular pop cultural legacy for their provocative and often contentious band name which has persisted beyond the initial controversies that pegged the band 's early years . The Daddies frequently appear on lists of the worst band names of all time , including those by Pitchfork , the Seattle Post Intelligencer , the Toronto Sun and VH1 , who called it " quite possibly the most offensive band name ever , made all the more ridiculous by the fact that these outwardly bragging virgin sexers had a completely innocuous mainstream hit song " .
The throngs that wished to view Banvard 's panorama were so great when it was displayed in Boston and New York that railroads ran special excursions to accommodate them . In these two cities alone more than four hundred thousand people saw the exhibition . " The river comes to me instead of my going to the river , " wrote Longfellow . Whittier , after seeing a panorama , sang of the " new Canaan of our Israel , " and Thoreau , who not only viewed a panorama but also made the tour itself , envisaged a coming heroic age in which simple and obscure men , the real heroes of history , would build the foundations of new castles [ i ] n the West and throw bridges across a " Rhine stream of a different kind .
Filmed at YouTube 's Space LA production studio , it premiered on the site on August 19 , 2014 . Prior to the show 's premiere , accounts on social media for various characters in the show were created , allowing viewers to interact with Frankenstein 's protagonists . Joe Hanson , host of PBS Digital 's It 's Okay To Be Smart , acts as the show 's science consultant . In early episodes of the show , Frankenstein neglected to wear gloves during her experiments which Su claimed was because , " real science and real life procedures aren 't sexy for entertainment " .
John Frankenheimer , critically acclaimed as the number one director of live TV dramas during the 1950s , was shown the exit door by Aubrey in 1960 . Frankenheimer was forced to find a new career as a movie director ( for which he is now arguably best known ) , although he had wanted to continue in television . In 1996 , during a personal appearance at the Museum of Television & Radio , Frankenheimer described Aubrey as " a barbarian . " The star of CBS 's The Lucy Show had problems with Aubrey . " Lucille Ball couldn 't say his name without calling him an S.O.B. , " Stanton said – though Kempton quoted her after Aubrey 's firing as saying " he was the smartest one up there .
Soon after his birth , in accordance with the traditions of the Quraysh , Khalid was sent to a Bedouin tribe in the desert , where a foster mother nursed him and brought him up in the clear , dry and unpolluted air of the desert . At the age of five or six , he returned to his parents in Mecca . During his childhood Khalid suffered a mild attack of smallpox , which he survived , but it left some pockmarks on his left cheek . The three leading clans of Quraysh at that time were Banu Hashim , Banu Abd ad Dar and Banu Makhzum , the latter clan being responsible for the matters of warfare .
According to his grandson Simon Tolkien , Tolkien in the last years of his life was disappointed by some of the liturgical reforms and changes implemented after the Second Vatican Council : I vividly remember going to church with him in Bournemouth . He was a devout Roman Catholic and it was soon after the Church had changed the liturgy from Latin to English . My grandfather obviously didn 't agree with this and made all the responses very loudly in Latin while the rest of the congregation answered in English . I found the whole experience quite excruciating , but my grandfather was oblivious .
At Bragging Rights in October , Kelly , Gail Kim and Melina comprised Team Raw , but lost to Team SmackDown , consisting of Beth Phoenix , Natalya and Michelle McCool . The following month at Survivor Series , Kelly participated in a five on five elimination match ; she eliminated Layla before being eliminated by Phoenix , however her team went on to win the match . In January 2010 , Kelly participated in the tournament to determine a new Divas Champion , after Melina was forced to vacate the championship due to injury , but was eliminated by Alicia Fox in the first round .
An unusual feature of Montreal 's defence was a string of 30 outlying forts to protect against the constant Iroquois threat to the expansion of French settlements . The majority of these were simple stockades , but as artillery was not as developed as on the battlefields of Europe , some of these were built like the fortified manor houses of France . Roughly four of these were substantial stone forts which served as defensive residences , sometimes considered " true castles " , as well as imposing structures to prevent Iroquois incursions . Initially , Fort Senneville was a French stockaded fort , built in 1671 about half a mile above the Sainte Anne rapids .
The plot , graphics , and audio have received mixed reviews . The plot and characters have been called cliché by Game Informer , GameSpot , and GamesRadar . Game Informer called the childhood prologue monotonous but commented on the improving story after the time skip . GameSpot agreed , calling the prologue the " weakest part of the story on its own " but " crucial point of reference " which adds depth and eventually breaks away from the cliché . GamesRadar shared the same opinion as GameSpot and praised Richard 's transformation into a villain . As for the graphics , IGN considered them outdated while Joystiq described it as washed out with jerky movements .
Using materials they were allowed to take from the yard , dockyard construction workers built the first houses in Sheerness . The grey blue naval paint they used on the exteriors led to their homes becoming known as the Blue Houses . This was eventually corrupted to Blue Town , the modern name of the north west area of Sheerness . Following the Napoleonic Wars , an opportunity was taken to rebuild the Dockyard . The site was leveled in 1815 , and over the next 15 years the new Dockyard was laid out , according to meticulous plans drawn up by John Rennie .
Arnold , James R. Marengo & Hohenlinden . Barnsley , South Yorkshire , UK : Pen & Sword , 2005 . ISBN 978 0967098500 Barnes , Gregory Fremont . Napoleon Bonaparte . Osprey Publishing , 2012 . ISBN 978 0340569115 Blanning , Timothy . The French Revolutionary Wars , New York , Oxford University Press , 1996 . ISBN 978 0340569115 Eggenberger , David . " Höchstädt II " , An Encyclopedia of Battles , Dover Publications , 2014 . ISBN 978 0486249131 Herold , J. Christopher . The Age of Napoleon . Houghton Mifflin Company , 1963 . ISBN 978 0618154616 History of the Wars of the French Revolution : Including Sketches of the Civil History of Great Britain and France , from the Revolutionary Movements , 1788 , to the Restoration of a General Peace , 1815 , Kuhl , France , 1820 .
In 1982 , the exhibition rooms were extended with an annex designed by the Royal Surveyor , architect Jacob Blegvad , who also planned the later extension to the museum inaugurated in 1989 . In 1997 , the museum administration moved into the Technical School . Today Skagens Museum has more than 1,800 works of art . Many of the museum 's paintings have been digitized under the Google Art Project and are accessible online . The Skagen artists were the subject of the 1987 film Hip Hip Hurra ! by the Swedish director Kjell Grede , inspired by Krøyer 's famous painting .
" Brian May announced in a September 2010 BBC interview that Sacha Baron Cohen , previously known for his comedic characters Borat , Ali G and Brüno , had been chosen to play Mercury in a film about his life . TIME commented with approval on his singing ability and resemblance to Mercury . The motion picture is being written by Peter Morgan , who had been nominated for Oscars for his screenplays The Queen and Frost / Nixon . The film , which is being co produced by Robert De Niro 's TriBeCa Productions , will focus on Queen 's formative years and the period leading up to the celebrated performance at the 1985 Live Aid concert .
Divākara : None of the above . Every one has his own definition of ' truth ' and that it is conditional . Vikramāditya : How about traditions ? They have been established by our ancestors and have passed the test of time ? Divākara : Would the system established by ancestors hold true on examination ? In case it does not , I am not here to justify it for the sake of saving the traditional grace of the dead , irrespective of the wrath I may have to face . In Sanmatitarka , Divākara further adds : " All doctrines are right in their own respective spheres — but if they encroach upon the province of other doctrines and try to refute their view , they are wrong .
Tan , Eugene ; Chan , Gary ( 25 September 2007 ) , " The Legislature " , The Singapore Legal System , Singaporelaw.sg , Singapore Academy of Law , archived from the original on 24 July 2011 , retrieved 30 September 2011 . Tan , Yee Lin ( 31 October 2009 ) , The Presidential Council for Minority Rights , Singapore Infopedia , National Library Board , archived from the original on 28 September 2011 , retrieved 28 September 2011 . Tommy Koh , ed . ( 2006 ) , " Presidential Council for Minority Rights " , Singapore : The Encyclopedia , Singapore : Editions Didier Millet in association with the National Heritage Board , p .
Ctenophores have no brain or central nervous system , but instead have a nerve net ( rather like a cobweb ) that forms a ring round the mouth and is densest near structures such as the comb rows , pharynx , tentacles ( if present ) and the sensory complex furthest from the mouth . The largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) . Its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a tiny grain of calcium carbonate , supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation .
After he suffered from angina pectoris for several years , his death was attributed to aortitis . Two days prior to his death he correctly predicted the findings of his own autopsy : " I think the necropsy will show plaques in my aorta . " Murphy attended public school in Appleton and graduated from Appleton High School in 1876 . He obtained a doctorate from Rush Medical College in 1879 and entered an eighteen month internship at Cook County Hospital . He then practiced there briefly . From 1882 – 1884 he performed practical work at universities and hospitals in Vienna , Munich , Berlin and Heidelberg .
It is a major participant in European Union Information Science and Technology ( IST ) projects . It has major collaborations in India , China , Korea , Japan and USA as well as several links in the communications industry and UK Catapults . It holds a 100 % graduate employment record . CCSR was selected by industry as a core member of the UK Virtual Centre of Excellence in Mobile and Personal Communications . Surrey ’ s research into the Web of Things has been highlighted as one of the top 10 technology trends for 2014 by the IEEE Computing Society .
Compulsory military service concerns all male Swiss citizens ; women can serve voluntarily . Men usually receive military conscription orders for training at the age of 18 . About two thirds of the young Swiss are found suited for service ; for those found unsuited , various forms of alternative service exist . Annually , approximately 20,000 persons are trained in recruit centres for a duration from 18 to 21 weeks . The reform " Army XXI " was adopted by popular vote in 2003 , it replaced the previous model " Army 95 " , reducing the effectives from 400,000 to about 200,000 .
In a career spanning nearly 50 years , she has played a variety of roles on television and in cinema in several genres , including westerns and comedies . She began acting at age 17 in 1965 but did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the 1980s . By that time , the Chicago Tribune referred to her as " one of America 's finest actresses . " Hershey won an Emmy and a Golden Globe for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries / TV Film for her role in A Killing in a Small Town ( 1990 ) .
If you follow the show , like me , you probably got a slightly déjà vu feeling to the plot , as it rode the previously saddle worn concept of a scientist who has lost the perspective to realise that he 's killing people for science . " SFScope contributor Sarah Stegall liked Frank 's final conversation concerning Fauxlivia 's pregnancy , praising the plot twist 's potential to " make for some interesting drama , perhaps even allowing the show to get past the inevitable mawkishness of most pregnancy stories . " However , there was some negative fan feedback concerning the pregnancy storyline .
" The game 's " Power Shots " was also met with an ambivalent reaction — the shot themselves were praised for adding strategy and character , although GameSpot 's Ryan Davis commented that " it would have been nice if you could just skip past the animations and keep the wild moves . " In general , the game 's multiplayer modes were more popular than single player , with the " predictable and basic " artificial intelligence contributing to a low difficulty level at times . GameSpy noted how the number of options and variables enhanced the multiplayer experience , and commented that " The game is very good on its own , but it excels when you bring friends into the mix .
" Jillian Mapes from Billboard wrote , " torture contraptions , mermaid sex , a wedding , bondage in a barn , an ice cream truck , and to top it all off , ' Children of the Corn ' and religious overtones thrown in for good measure , " and thought of the video as the strangest representation of Nebraska , the video 's setting . Leah Collins from Dose named the video a " great opportunity for the singer to finally find out what it 's like to make out with herself . " Kyle Anderson from Entertainment Weekly made note of the video 's scene in which Gaga plays a piano in a cornfield alongside her male alter ego : " She 's just Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta , playing a piano in the middle of a corn field — with a little making out on the side , of course .
( born February 21 , 1979 ) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito . He belongs to a wrestling family , being the son of Carlos Colón Sr. , who introduced him to wrestling . His mother was born in Canada , which grants him Canadian citizenship . Colón debuted in his father 's promotion , the World Wrestling Council ( WWC ) , eventually winning the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship 16 times , and the WWC Puerto Rico Heavyweight Championship once . During the early years of his career , he made appearances for the X Wrestling Federation and Funking Conservatory , winning his first international championship for the second .
The game took place during the 2010 – 11 NHL season at the RBC Center in Raleigh , North Carolina , home of the Carolina Hurricanes . Originally , the Game was supposed to be hosted by the Phoenix Coyotes , but due to ownership issues , the NHL decided to move the game . After bidding for the game reopened , it was awarded to Carolina and fulfilled a nine year old promise made to the franchise by NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman . The 2011 version of the All Star Game featured a break from the traditional way in which teams were organized .
Geopyxis carbonaria is widespread on burned soil or charcoal in the spring and throughout the growing season . It is one of the most common pioneer species found on burned ground . The charred litter on the forest floor increases the underlying soil pH as well as the availability of minerals . Fruitbodies are produced from 16 to 139 weeks after a forest fire in areas with coniferous trees . Most fruitbodies are produced in the first year after a burn . The fungus prefers fruiting in microhabitats with thin postfire duff near standing burned tree trunks . Geopyxis carbonaria fruitbodies are often found in the same post fire stands as morels , although the former is usually more abundant .
At Lohan 's initiative , her character was rewritten and changed from a Goth style to be more mainstream . Critic Roger Ebert wrote that Lohan " has that Jodie Foster sort of seriousness and intent focus beneath her teenage persona . " Freaky Friday earned Lohan the award for Breakthrough Performance at the 2004 MTV Movie Awards and , as of 2015 , it remained her most commercially successful film , earning $ 160 million worldwide as well as an 88 percent approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes . In 2004 , Lohan had two lead roles . The first film , Disney 's teen comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen , earned a domestic box office total of $ 29 million , with Brandon Gray of Box Office Mojo commenting that it was " well above expectations as it was strictly for young girls .
This assurance momentarily allayed the fears of the South Indians . But the Hindi proponents were dismayed and Pant remarked " Whatever I achieved in two years , the prime minister destroyed in less than two minutes " . The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) which split from the Dravidar Kazhagam in 1949 , inherited the anti Hindi policies of its parent organisation . DMK 's founder Annadurai had earlier participated in the anti Hindi imposition agitations during 1938 – 40 and in the 1940s . In July 1953 , the DMK launched an agitation for changing the name of a town – Dalmiapuram – to Kallakudi .
The volcanic hills of the region have played a key role as observation points and natural firing positions in the conflicts over the region , most notably in the Yom Kippur War . In more peaceful times , the fertile volcanic soil has supported agricultural activities such as wheat growing and pastoralism . Writing during the inter war period , the American traveller Harriet Louise H. Patterson recorded that Quneitra was charmingly set in a grove of eucalyptus trees . Its chief claim to charm or the few moments of a traveller 's time beyond passport formalities is the beautiful vista which it offers of Jordan as it flows down from Hermon through banks of tangled bush and flowering pink and white oleanders .
" - Admiral Murray . Immediately after graduating in January 1913 , he served as a Midshipman on the Royal Navy vessel HMS Berwick on duty protecting British interests in the Mexican Revolution , and then aboard HMS Essex . At the outbreak of World War I he was assigned to the protected cruiser HMCS Niobe , the largest ship in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War I. Four of his classmates were sent to the Royal Navy cruiser HMS Good Hope and were killed off the coast of South America on 1 November 1914 at the Battle of Coronel – thereby becoming the first Canadian service casualties of World War I. Murray served briefly as Flotilla Gunnery Officer on HMCS Margaret and then in February 1916 was promoted to Sub Lieutenant while aboard HMCS Rainbow .
The last alteration to the current flag occurred in 2004 when the aspect ratio changed from 1 : 2 to 3 : 5 . The earliest known flags with a Lithuanian identity were recorded in the 15th century Banderia Prutenorum , written by Jan Długosz . At the Battle of Grunwald in 1410 , two distinct flags were present . The majority of the 40 regiments carried a red banner depicting a mounted knight in pursuit . This flag , known as the Vytis , would eventually be used as the Lithuanian war flag , and again in 2004 as the state flag .
It aired again on BBC Two in December 2008 and in February 2010 in Ireland on 3e . A DVD box set including the documentary and other Theroux programmes was released in January 2009 ; The Independent placed the DVD release as number eight among its list of " The 50 Best DVD boxsets " . The Most Hated Family in America received a positive reception , with four star ratings from publications The Daily Record and The Mail on Sunday . It was recommended in reviews as a critic 's choice by The Daily Mail , The Independent , The Times , Financial Times , The Age , and the Herald Sun .
In summer , a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and to showers and thunderstorms . Average rainfall is around 700 mm ( 28 in ) . About 8 – 15 days of snowfall is typical . November to March have the highest mean wind speeds , and June to August have the lightest winds . The predominant wind direction is from the south west . Many of the large houses in the valley were built or bought by wealthy merchants from Bristol and Bath who employed local people in their households .
Oxygenated blood from the lungs and de oxygenated blood from the respiring tissues enter the heart through separate atria . When these chambers contract , the two blood streams pass into a common ventricle before being pumped via a spiral valve to the appropriate vessel , the aorta for oxygenated blood and pulmonary artery for deoxygenated blood . The ventricle is partially divided into narrow cavities which minimizes the mixing of the two types of blood . These features enable frogs to have a higher metabolic rate and be more active than would otherwise be possible . Some species of frog have adaptations that allow them to survive in oxygen deficient water .
Conversely , his 1980s musical repertoire presented an increased development of dance trends , such as disco and soul , as well as the previous incorporation of rock and punk . However , Gil says that his 1994 album Acoustic was not such a new direction , as he had previously performed unplugged with Caetano Veloso . He describes the method of playing as easier than other types of performance , as the energy of acoustic playing is simple and influenced by its roots . Gil has been criticized for a conflicting involvement in both authentic Brazilian music and the worldwide musical arena .
It is also unknown whether Henry intended Geoffrey to have any future claim on England or Normandy , and he was probably keeping Geoffrey 's status deliberately uncertain . Soon after the marriage , Matilda left Geoffrey and returned to Normandy . Henry appears to have blamed Geoffrey for the separation , but the couple were finally reconciled in 1131 . Henry summoned Matilda from Normandy , and she arrived in England that August . It was decided that Matilda would return to Geoffrey at a meeting of the King 's great council in September . The council also gave another collective oath of allegiance to recognise her as Henry 's heir .
During the 1921 legislative session , Zimmerman was assigned to the Judiciary , Roads , and Game and Fish committees . Also during the 1921 legislative session , he sponsored the following bills : H.B. 274 ( Ch . 158 ) , which gave county courts the authority to impose a " special building levy " not to exceed 30 cents for the purpose of completing the construction or repair of county courthouses . H.B. 392 ( Ch . 49 ) , which provided for the establishment of a county high school for Hampshire County and authorized the Hampshire County Board of Education to impose a levy not to exceed 30 cents for three years to construct and maintain the high school .
Mullan observed that " [ f ] or the reader , apprehension predominates over surprise " as a result of this narrative style . The Kirkus Reviews described Middlesex as a " virtuosic combination of elegy , sociohistorical study , and picaresque adventure " , and Adam Begley in The New York Observer called it " a hybrid form , epic crossed with history , romance , comedy , tragedy . " Other reviews also categorized the book under various genres . Covering the lives of three generations of the Stephanides family , Middlesex is considered a family saga by novelist Geraldine Bedell .
Diagnosis with a flexible bronchoscope , which allows the injury to be visualized directly , is the fastest and most reliable technique . In people with TBI , bronchoscopy may reveal that the airway is torn , or that the airways are blocked by blood , or that a bronchus has collapsed , obscuring more distal ( lower ) bronchi from view . Chest x ray is the initial imaging technique used to diagnose TBI . The film may not have any signs in an otherwise asymptomatic patient . Indications of TBI seen on radiographs include deformity in the trachea or a defect in the tracheal wall .
" Coldplay has cited various influences in the album . The German electronic music pioneer Kraftwerk is evident on the song " Talk " , which borrows its synthetic hook from 1981 's " Computer Love " . Also present is 1970s electronic music from the likes of English musician David Bowie and Brian Eno . Eno , who would later produce Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends and Mylo Xyloto , played backing synthesizer on the track " Low " . The first single , " Speed of Sound " , also takes inspiration from the drumbeat of English singer songwriters Kate Bush 's song " Running Up that Hill " .
In the Late to Terminal Classic the population increased to 85 % of its Late Preclassic level , an expansion that appears to have occurred rapidly and spread to all parts of the site , perhaps as the result of an influx of refugees arriving from other sites around AD 830 . This was followed by a population crash to 14 % of peak Preclassic population in the Early Postclassic ( AD 900 – 1200 ) prior to the complete abandonment of the site . The social stratification of Seibal was that of priest kings , as well as nobility and elites living in the main ceremonial center , with the common people living in the peripheries of the city .
The peak of his season came at the 2004 Athens Olympics , where he became the first person in Eritrean sporting history to win an Olympic medal . Zersenay took the bronze in the 10,000 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece behind Kenenisa Bekele , and Sileshi Sihine . His performance of 27 : 22.57 represented a dramatic improvement as he had beaten his previous best by ten seconds , despite unfavourably hot conditions . Zersenay refused to politicise his medal win behind his Ethiopian counterparts , stating : " we have always been friends with the Ethiopians .
During the reign of Charles II ( 1660 – 1685 ) , playwrights such as John Dryden , George Etherege , Aphra Behn , and William Wycherley wrote comedies that triumphantly reassert aristocratic dominance and prestige after the years of middle class power during Oliver Cromwell 's Commonwealth . Reflecting the atmosphere of the Court , these plays celebrate a lifestyle of sensual intrigue and conquest , especially conquest that served to humiliate the husbands of the London middle classes and to avenge , in the sensual arena , the marginalisation and exile suffered by royalists under Cromwell . Charles ' personal interest in the stage nourished Restoration drama , and his most favoured courtiers were poets , playwrights , and men of wit , such as John Wilmot , Earl of Rochester , Charles Sackville , Earl of Dorset , and William Wycherley .
Mario Bros. was only modestly successful in Japanese arcades . The arcade cabinets have since become mildly rare . To date in Japan , the NES version of Mario Bros. has sold more than 1.63 million copies , and the Famicom Mini re release of the NES version has sold more than 90,000 copies . Despite being released during the North American video game crash of 1983 , the arcade game , as well as the industry , were not affected . Video game author Dave Ellis considers it one of the more memorable classic games . Opinions on the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) version of Mario Bros. have been mostly mixed , but does receive positive reviews from gamers .
The house passed through various hands during the 19th century . Judge Seth Chapman purchased the house from Joseph Priestley Jr. on May 13 , 1815 for US $ 6,250 ( $ 80,800 in 2016 ) . Chapman died on December 4 , 1835 , and Rev. James Kay , pastor of the Northumberland Unitarian congregation , and his family lived in the house next . James Kay died on September 22 , 1847 and his widow probably lived in the house until her October 2 , 1850 death . Charles H. Kay , son of James , had purchased the house in 1845 , a few years before his parents ' deaths .
He is perhaps best known for bringing what is now the School of Materials Science & Engineering to Georgia Tech . Hall 's administration also introduced degrees in electrical engineering and civil engineering in December 1896 , textile engineering in February 1899 , and engineering chemistry in January 1901 . Hall died in 1905 , reportedly due to the stress of fundraising for a new chemistry building which now bears his name . Born in 1859 in Americus , Georgia , he attended Mercer University in Penfield , Georgia . He was admitted to the United States Military Academy in 1877 , and graduated in 1881 .
After some hesitation , Tchaikovsky agreed . As a condition for Tchaikovsky 's engagement , the Russian Musical Society required a list of works that he planned to conduct . Among the items on the list Tchaikovsky supplied were Rimsky Korsakov 's Third Symphony and Glazunov 's orchestral fantasy The Forest . At the first of these appearances , on October 28 , 1893 , Tchaikovsky conducted the premiere of his Sixth Symphony , along with his First Piano Concerto with Adele aus der Ohe as soloist . Tchaikovsky did not live to conduct the other three concerts , as he died on November 6 , 1893 .
While Peterson was accepting of the sexual relationship between Ruby and Sam , she felt the " seduction came out of nowhere " in " I Know What You Did Last Summer " . Contributing to this problem was Cortese 's inability to " pull it off " , making the " whole thing [ feel ] gratuitous and clumsy " . Conversely , Peterson enjoyed the performances of actresses Anna Williams and Michelle Hewitt Williams as Ruby 's temporary hosts in the episode ; the former was " great " , while she found the latter " sassy " and " [ missed ] her already " .
Then in April 2005 , Ukraine entered into the Intensified Dialogue programme with NATO . In March 2008 , under Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , Ukraine sent an official letter of application a Membership Action Plan ( MAP ) , the first step in joining NATO . These leaders however guaranteed their opposition that membership in any military alliance would not pass without public approval in a referendum . This idea had gained support from a number of NATO leaders , particularly those in Central and Eastern Europe . Russian leaders like Prime Minister and President Elect Dmitri Medvedev made clear their opposition to Ukraine membership , and leading up to the April 2008 Bucharest summit their emissary actively lobbied against a Ukrainian MAP .
Much of the work was accomplished despite hindrance from the War Department ’ s G 2 office , which felt that such analysis was not " proper military intelligence . " Development of sources of information for such analyses also was primitive , and he used his assignment to OPB to recruit a number of civilian economic experts who had recently been commissioned in the military . Hansell also created contacts among Royal Air Force officers stationed in Washington , D.C. to enhance his sources . On July 7 , 1941 , Hansell went to London , England , as a special observer attached to the military attaché , where he was privy to the inner workings of RAF intelligence and their target folders on the German industrial infrastructure .
Initially , there were concerns about the purity of plutonium , an element about which little was known , but Thomas was able to report to Groves and Conant in June 1944 that techniques had been developed that would yield highly pure plutonium , and that the problem was solved . Unfortunately , experiments by Emilio G. Segrè and his P 5 Group at Los Alamos on reactor produced plutonium showed that it contained impurities in the form of the isotope plutonium 240 , which has a far higher spontaneous fission rate than plutonium 239 , making it unsuitable for use in the Thin Man gun type nuclear weapon design .
He added that he " just think the brevity required by the inclusion of three separate tales better suits the world of horror spoofs than it does these Bible pieces , " as they " try to pack an awful lot into very little time . " He concluded by writing that , while the episode has " some good moments " , he did not find a lot of entertainment in it . Jake MacNeill of Digital Entertainment News was also critical , and wrote that the episode " fails to be funny " because it " strays too far from the source material " .
Yearly , USCF organizes bughouse tournaments as part of the National Junior High ( K 9 ) Championship and the National High School ( K 12 ) Championship . Other tournaments are organized privately : One of the largest international bughouse tournaments is the yearly tournament in Berlin . Going into its sixth edition , it is popular among top players from FICS . Grandmaster Levon Aronian took part in the 2005 edition of the tournament and took the second place with his teammate Vasiliy Shakov . Since 2000 there has been an annual bughouse tournament in Geneva , attracting the best European players .
The complexity of the music and concept of Invisible Circles produced mixed reviews , ranging from highest praise to complete failure , even in the same publication . The bold move of making a concept album about such a controversial matter was generally appreciated but , as Eduardo Rivadavia said in his AllMusic review , this could be a " slightly overambitious creation " . The Maximum Metal reviewer states that " concept albums are always hard to pull off and not many bands can do it well " and " here is another failed attempt " . It was the general opinion of most reviewers that Floor Jansen 's lead vocals are at her best and " her performance here is powerful , dramatic and very impressive overall , no matter how she chooses to sing " .
There they terminated at a common point with US 10 ( Woodward Avenue ) and US 112 ( Michigan Avenue ) . US 25 ran through the square on Fort Street and Gratiot Avenue . The history of Grand River Avenue , and US 16 in Michigan , dates back to before the earliest settlement of Michigan by Europeans . The route has been the basis for an Indian trail , a pathway for European settlers , a state highway , a part of the US Highway System , and a section of the Interstate Highway System . The chief transportation routes in 1701 were the Indian footpaths that crossed the future state of Michigan ; the Grand River Trail was one of these thirteen trails at the time .
This gave him influence outside those circles normally associated with an architect of his age . From 1928 to 1930 , Raymond designed and remodelled the American , Soviet and French embassies . He also undertook work for the Rising Sun Petroleum Company , designing 17 earthquake proof and fireproof employee houses , the general office building , the manager 's residence and two prototype service stations , one in steel and the other in concrete . All were constructed in an International Modern Style . Since the Reinanzaka House , Raymond had been interested in the work of French architect Le Corbusier .
Kesha 's vocal range in the song spans from the lower note of E3 to the higher note of D5 . The lyrics begin with Kesha singing " Stephen , Stephen , why won 't you call me ? . " The song 's lyrics depict the tale of the singer stalking her then crush , Stephen , who ultimately would not call the singer . " Stephen " opens with layered a cappella harmonies , later transitioning into a dominantly driven pop song . According to the singer , " Stephen " showcases her more vulnerable side and encompasses humor throughout its lyrics : " ' Stephen ' shows the vulnerable side of me but it 's still a funny pop song .
Four days later , Cancellara lined up to race the road race . The race came down to a sprint finish that was won by Mark Cavendish ; Cancellara barely missed a medal after finishing in fourth place . In the first races of the 2012 season , Cancellara showed a good form : he powered to a second victory on the gravel roads of the Strade Bianche and took a victory in the closing time trial of the Tirreno – Adriatico . In the final of the first monument of the year , Milan – San Remo , he was the strongest rider during the descent of the Poggio , but was outsprinted for victory by Simon Gerrans .
He has ideas about what the creation of spoken word poetry and ambient music entails but it 's quite clear he hasn ’ t taken a ton of time to study those forms . " David Morris of Tiny Mix Tapes said that although the album is " conceptually daring " and a showcase for Lil B 's " poetic , philosophical streak " , he called the musical backing " utter garbage " and " pure , unstructured noodling " . Morris blamed what he saw as a misguided effort to be " left field and trendy " on Lil B 's internet hype and coverage in the indie rock press .
David Morrison attributed the rise of the solar storm idea to physicist and science popularizer Michio Kaku , who claimed in an interview with Fox News that a solar peak in 2012 could be disastrous for orbiting satellites , and to NASA 's headlining a 2006 webpage as " Solar Storm Warning " , a term later repeated on several doomsday pages . Some believers in a 2012 doomsday claimed that a planet called Planet X , or Nibiru , would collide with or pass by the Earth . This idea , which appeared in various forms since 1995 , initially predicted Doomsday in May 2003 , but proponents abandoned that date after it passed without incident .
In 1898 , he was knighted ( as Sir John Struthers ) by Queen Victoria for his service to medicine . Struthers was one of the first advocates of the theory of evolution , speaking publicly and corresponding with Charles Darwin about observations he made during his comparative anatomy studies . Struthers was interested in abnormal variations in anatomy , such as additional toes , and he collected many specimens which he offered to show Darwin . Among other curiosities , Struthers described the " Ligament of Struthers " , a rare extra band of connective tissue present in 1 % of humans running from a bony projection on the humerus down to the elbow , and showed that its presence was inherited .
Former storyboard artist and current supervising director for the series Adam Muto explained that Marceline and the Ice King 's history was not part of the series ' initial plan , but something that " evolved from [ the show 's ] original course and it will likely continue to evolve in the future . " Marceline has attracted positive critical attention . Oliver Sava of The A.V. Club praised that the fact that she is one " of this show ’ s most tragic characters " . He later wrote that her addition " was a major turning point for the series , introducing a hip , adventure loving female to the cast who can hold her own against Finn and Jake and also has a strong connection to Ooo ’ s past .
With only the ROK 11th Regiment remaining intact by the morning of January 1 , the ROK 1st Infantry Division was forced to withdraw on January 2 . The Chinese attacks against the ROK 6th Infantry Division , however , did not go as commanders had planned . The original plan called for the PVA 38th and the 40th Corps to attack the ROK 19th Regiment on the 6th Infantry Division 's right flank , but the bulk of the Chinese forces mistakenly attacked the US 19th Infantry Regiment of the US 24th Infantry Division , which was stationed to the east of the ROK 19th Regiment .
York went without scoring for a fourth consecutive home match after drawing 0 – 0 with Southend . Having worn the armband since an injury to McGurk , Penn was appointed captain for the rest of the season , a position that had earlier been held by Smith and Parslow . York achieved their first home win in five matches after beating Exeter 2 – 1 , with first half goals scored by McCombe and Coulson . Hayhurst 's loan was extended to the end of the season , having impressed in his six appearances for the club . Coulson scored again with the only goal , a 41st minute header , in York 's 1 – 0 away win over AFC Wimbledon .
Saint Saëns rarely , if ever , takes any risks ; he never , to use the slang of the moment , " goes off the deep end " . All his greatest contemporaries did . Brahms , Tchaikovsky , and even Franck , were ready to sacrifice everything for the end each wanted to reach , to drown in the attempt to get there if necessary . Saint Saëns , in preserving his equilibrium , allows his hearers to preserve theirs . Grove concludes its article on Saint Saëns with the observation that although his works are remarkably consistent , " it cannot be said that he evolved a distinctive musical style .
Coal storage amounted to 500 t ( 490 long tons ; 550 short tons ) . Psara 's main battery consisted of three 10.8 in ( 270 mm ) guns . Two guns were mounted forward in barbettes on either side of the forward superstructure ; these were L / 34 guns . The third gun , a L / 28 gun , was placed in a turret aft . The secondary battery consisted of four 5.9 in ( 150 mm ) L / 36 guns in casemates were mounted below the forward main battery , and a fifth 5.9 inch gun was placed on the centerline on the same deck as the main battery .
As the grandson of Lionel of Antwerp , 1st Duke of Clarence , Edmund Mortimer , Earl of March , was the heir presumptive to Richard II and Henry used multiple rationales stressing his Plantagenet descent , divine grace , powerful friends , and the Richard 's misgovernment . In fact Mortimer never showed interest in the throne . The later marriage of his granddaughter Anne to Richard 's son consolidated his descendants ' claim to the throne with that of the more junior House of York . Henry planned to resume war with France , but was plagued with financial problems , declining health and frequent rebellions .
" Ted Grant of Playlouder gave the album two stars out of five and called it the " blandest and most creatively uninspired record of their career " , finding that the album was leading to tame " dad rock " . Pitchfork writer Rob Mitchum also used the " dad rock " colloquialism , dismissing its straightforwardness and arguing " Tweedy merely ended up with the wrong personnel to articulate his mood here . " Mojo also gave the album three stars out of five , stating that " Many longtime listeners ... are sure to be disappointed with the radio friendly production and sheer innocuousness of [ the ] lyrics .
The matter was investigated by the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee , the Senate Judiciary Committee , and the Whitewater Independent Counsel . In 1998 , Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr exonerated President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton of any involvement in the matter . In 2000 Independent Counsel Robert Ray issued his final report on Filegate , stating that there was no credible evidence of any criminal activity by any individual in the matter and no credible evidence that senior White House figures or the First Lady had requested the files or had acted improperly or testified improperly regarding Livingstone 's hiring .
The U17 team went undefeated in 8 games as Jones led the team with 43 assists . On May 5 , 2014 , USA Basketball announced the 21 athletes ( including Jones ) invited to tryout from June 10 to June 19 for the 12 member USA national team for the June 20 – 24 , 2014 FIBA Americas Under 18 Championship . Jones was one of 10 incoming freshman to be selected . Eventually , 24 players tried out for the team and the roster was cut to 15 on June 12 . In the end , Jones made the final 12 man roster that was announced on June 15 .
After sealing the Old City to prevent the entry of enemy reinforcements , al Kharrat issued an order to kill anyone linked to the French army . About 180 French soldiers were killed . Sarrail ordered the shelling and aerial bombardment of the city . About 1,500 people were killed in the bombardment , which lasted two days . General chaos and scattered fighting ensued as whole neighborhoods , mosques and churches were leveled , French forces moved in , and hundreds of leading figures in the Syrian national movement were arrested , including al Kharrat 's son Fakhri . The latter was captured on 22 October during a botched nighttime raid by the rebels against the French , who by then were in control of Damascus .
Green is also the traditional color of safety and permission ; a green light means go ahead , a green card permits permanent residence in the United States . It is the most important color in Islam . It was the color of the banner of Muhammad , and is found in the flags of nearly all Islamic countries , and represents the lush vegetation of Paradise . It is also often associated with the culture of Gaelic Ireland , and is a color of the flag of Ireland . Because of its association with nature , it is the color of the environmental movement .
Captain Criss , who was first to eject , landed 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the base — he remained lost on an ice floe for 21 hours and suffered hypothermia in the − 23 ° F ( − 31 ° C ) temperatures , but he survived by wrapping himself in his parachute . An aerial survey of the crash site immediately afterwards showed only six engines , a tire and small items of debris on the blackened surface of the ice . The accident was designated a " Broken Arrow " — a United States military term that describes an accident involving a nuclear weapon but which does not present a risk of war .
The parkway passes through a gate , heading up the base of Prospect Mountain . The route is very scenic , with trees on both sides of the road . Route 917A parallels Birch Ave . , a street in Lake George . Soon after , the parkway passes over Interstate 87 ( I 87 , named the Adirondack Northway ) . The road expands to several lanes after the Northway , coming to a tollbooth . After the toll booth , the parkway begins to head up the mountain . With large heavy , stabilized rocks on both sides of the road , used as a guard rail to prevent danger ( such as running off of the road ) , the parkway curves around the mountain , intersecting with several specialized scenic overlooks .
Starrett , who went on to star in around sixty other western flicks , found The Medico of Painted Springs to be his favorite film . The film has many noticeable differences from Rubel 's original work . Upon arriving at Painted Springs , Dr. Steven Monroe witnesses a clash between sheep herders and cattle breeders . As Monroe starts to investigate the cause of the conflict , he finds out about Fred Burns ' diabolical scheme – he intends to steal John Richards ' cattle and frame sheep rancher Ed Gordon for the deed . After a series of fights , during which Burns and his men kidnap Richards ' daughter Nancy , Monroe rescues Nancy and manages to get Burns to confess .
It lies on one of the most active seismic faults in Bangladesh , the Sitakunda – Teknaf fault . Sitakunda is renowned for its numerous Islamic , Hindu and Buddhist shrines . It has 280 mosques , 8 mazars , 49 Hindu temples , 4 ashrams , and 3 Buddhist temples . Among its notable religious sites are the Chandranath Temple ( a Shakti Peetha or holy pilgrimage site ) , Vidarshanaram Vihara ( founded by the scholar Prajnalok Mahasthavir ) , and the Hammadyar Mosque ( founded by Sultan Ghiyasuddin Mahmud Shah ) . The attraction of Sitakunda as a tourist destination is elevated by these pilgrimage sites along with the hill range and the eco park .
Entranced by her beauty , he offered to marry her and when she refused he shot her in retaliation , only realising afterwards that she was a mermaid . As she died she cursed the harbour with a " bar of doom " , from Hawker 's Cove to Trebetherick Bay . A terrible gale blew up that night and when it finally subsided there was the sandbar , " covered with wrecks of ships and bodies of drowned men " . The ballad , The Mermaid of Padstow , tells a similar story of a local named Tom Yeo , who shot the mermaid mistaking her for a seal .
He served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965 , and as unofficial Chief Ideologue of the Party until his death in 1982 . Suslov was responsible for party democracy and the power separation within the Communist Party . His hardline attitude toward change made him one of the foremost anti reformist Soviet leaders . Born in rural Russia in 1902 , Suslov became a member of the All Union Communist Party ( Bolsheviks ) in 1921 and studied economics for much of the 1920s . He left his job as a teacher in 1931 to pursue politics full time , becoming one of the many Soviet politicians who took part in the mass repression begun by Joseph Stalin 's regime .
Lafayette brought her to the same balcony , accompanied by her young son and daughter . The crowd ominously shouted for the children to be taken away , and it seemed the stage might be set for a regicide . Yet , as the queen stood with her hands crossed over her chest , the crowd – some of whom had muskets leveled in her direction – warmed to her courage . Amid this unlikely development , Lafayette cannily let the mob 's fury drain away until , with dramatic timing and flair , he knelt reverently and kissed her hand .
In October 2012 he delivered a 10 hour lecture to 6,000 people at London 's Wembley Arena . In 1997 Icke met his second wife , Pamela Leigh Richards , in Jamaica . He and Linda Atherton divorced in 2001 , and he and Richards were married the same year . The couple separated in 2008 and divorced in 2011 . Icke stood for parliament in the 2008 by election for Haltemprice and Howden ( an East Yorkshire constituency ) , on the issue of " Big Brother — The Big Picture " . He came 12th , with 110 votes ( 0.46 % ) , resulting in a lost deposit .
She had a ringside seat at one of the great editorial franchises in a business that exerts an enormous influence over women , but she seems to have understood almost nothing about the isolation and pressure of the job her boss was doing , or what it might cost a person like Miranda Priestly to become a character like Miranda Priestly . Priestly has some positive qualities . Andrea notes that she makes all the magazine 's key editorial decisions by herself and that she has genuine class and style . " I never for one second didn 't know it was an amazing opportunity to assist Anna , " Weisberger said in 2008 .
During that span , the Terps won two national titles and lost four . During the 1980s , Johns Hopkins dominated the series , winning 12 of 13 games , including nine by an average margin of 5.6 points . During this period Hopkins , led by head coach Henry Ciccarone , won three national titles . By 1987 , Maryland 's fourth year head coach Dick Edell had helped revitalize the Terrapins as a national power . Maryland posted an 11 – 0 record during the regular season , where the win over Hopkins , 11 – 7 , was the only game decided by less than six goals .
Stafford 's brother Hugh also sold his shares to Ballard , ending the Smythe family 's 45 year involvement in the company . Combined with Ballard 's 262,162 shares , this gave him majority ownership of about 70 % . In 1966 Ballard set up a family holding company , named Harold E. Ballard Ltd . ( HEBL ) , for his assets including his shares in MLGL as part of an estate freeze . Ballard distributed 103 common shares in HEBL , with his three children , Bill , Harold Jr . , and Mary Elizabeth , each receiving 34 which were held in trust , and his wife Dorothy receiving 1 , which Harold would inherit upon her death three years later .
" On 18 November , the chief of the secret service reported that every possible measure was being taken . The cryptographers at Bletchley Park did not know of the Prime Minister 's response , but as Milner Barry later recalled , " All that we did notice was that almost from that day the rough ways began miraculously to be made smooth . " More than two hundred bombes were in operation by the end of the war . Turing decided to tackle the particularly difficult problem of German naval Enigma " because no one else was doing anything about it and I could have it to myself " .
This was 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) short of the objective Hoth had set for 6 July , the bridge over the Psel River at Oboyan . XLVIII Panzer Corps regrouped during the night of 6 / 7 July , and the 11th Panzer Division continued its advance towards Oboyan on 7 July , alongside the Großdeutschland Division . Over the next few days , the two divisions overcame resistance from a series of Soviet strongpoints , along with their desperate counterattacks . By 10 July they had reached a position east of the Kursk Kharkov road , on the heights 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) south of Oboyan , having defeated advanced elements of the Soviet 10th Tank Corps .
Itagaki deemed Black to be the final version of Ninja Gaiden , but with the release of the PS3 , Tecmo ported the game to this platform as Sigma . In addition to the narrative Story Mode , Black and Sigma introduced a gameplay variation called Mission Mode . Focused on action rather than character development , this provides combat based missions set mainly in small areas , where the player 's goal is to " destroy all enemies " . In both Story and Mission modes , game scoring is based on the player 's speed in clearing encounters , the number of kills achieved , the number of unused ninpo spells remaining at the end , and the amount of cash collected .
The fins do not have sharply lighter margins . The underside is cream colored , with some mottling on the fins and often a dark stripe running down the middle in adults . The maximum known length is 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) , though few exceed 1.0 m ( 3.3 ft ) . The Australian swellshark inhabits the continental shelf of southern Australia , from the Recherche Archipelago off Western Australia to Jervis Bay in New South Wales , including Tasmania . It is commonly found on or near the bottom amongst rocky reefs or seaweed beds , from close to shore to a depth of 220 m ( 720 ft ) .
The latter was the band 's first Top 40 country hit , peaking at number 28 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles ( now Hot Country Songs ) charts . John Bush of Allmusic wrote that this album " leaned a little close to the pop schmaltz they later rebelled against . " The Road Not Taken was the band 's second album , released in 1988 . This album 's first two singles — " She Doesn 't Cry Anymore " , previously found on Shenandoah , and " Mama Knows " — brought the band to the Top Ten for the first time .
Composer Friedrich Silcher was directly influenced by Pestalozzi and Nägeli . He began using large choirs to express political viewpoints at least as early as 1824 when he and a group of Tübingen University students performed La Marseillaise to commemorate the storming of the Bastille . In 1827 at Plochingen , Baden Württemberg , several male voiced choirs combined for a regional liederfest . Sängerfests were part of the Hambach Festival of 1832 . Christian church organizations known as Christlicher sängerbunds adapted the sängerfest for religious gatherings and helped spread its popularity throughout Europe , North America and Australia . They became popular in late 19th century Russia among Mennonite congregations .
After a long hiatus , Batwoman was reintroduced to DC continuity in 2006 in the seventh week of the publisher 's year long 52 weekly comic book . Reintroduced as Kate Kane , the modern Batwoman began operating in Gotham City in Batman 's absence following the events of the company wide crossover Infinite Crisis ( 2005 ) . The modern Batwoman is written as being of Jewish descent and as a lesbian in an effort by DC editorial staff to diversify its publications and better connect to modern day readership . Described as the highest profile gay superhero to appear in stories published by DC , Batwoman 's sexual orientation drew wide media attention following her reintroduction , as well as both praise and criticism from the general public .
Tim Mankowski , who Santos had known for 15 years and played in the band Basic Enigma with him , was hired as the new guitarist . In November 2005 , the band signed with Mediaskare records and planned a tentative release for their debut album for February 21 , 2006 . At this time , the band had three demo versions of the songs " Lies in the House of Shame " , " Divided " and the title track , " Rebirth of the Temple " . Mora and Santos were involved in the writing process of the album .
Bok explains that he found the ship as a derelict and offers it to Picard for free . Picard explains that at Maxia , the Stargazer was heavily damaged before Picard executed an action which would come to be known as the " Picard Maneuver " . Using the warp drive , Picard ordered a short warp jump directly resulting in the enemy vessel 's light speed based sensors briefly detecting the ship in two places at once and allowing Picard to win the battle . Due to the damage , the crew of the Stargazer abandoned ship after the battle .
Combat in Final Fantasy is menu based : the player selects an action from a list of options such as Attack , Magic , and Item . Battles are turn based and continue until either side flees or is defeated . If the player 's party wins , each character will gain experience and Gil ; if it flees , it will be returned to the map screen ; and if every character in the party dies , the game will be over and all unsaved progress will be lost . Final Fantasy was the first game to show the player 's characters on the right side of the screen and the enemies on the left side of the screen , as opposed to a first person view .
It is considered an important symbol of the freedom , independence , and sovereignty of Latvia . Unveiled in 1935 , the 42 metre ( 138 ft ) high monument of granite , travertine , and copper often serves as the focal point of public gatherings and official ceremonies in Riga . The sculptures and bas reliefs of the monument , arranged in thirteen groups , depict Latvian culture and history . The core of the monument is composed of tetragonal shapes on top of each other , decreasing in size towards the top , completed by a 19 metre ( 62 ft ) high travertine column bearing the copper figure of Liberty lifting three gilded stars .
Nunavut Tourism did not , as of 2002 , produce detailed statistics about tourism numbers , trends and characteristics . However , by 2010 , this appeared to have changed , with Nunavut Tourism providing media outlets with general figures on trends in tourism in Nunavut . Tourism brings approximately CAD $ 30 million to Nunavut 's economy each year according to Nunavut Tourism , with one in five of its tourists arriving on cruise ships . Between June and October 2008 , 33,378 people visited Nunavut by air and sea , according to the territory 's Department of Economic Development and Transportation .
Rajinikanth 's performance as Kali received unanimous praise , and it is widely considered the best performance of his career . The film won the Filmfare Award for Best Film – Tamil and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards : Best Film and a Special Prize for Rajinikanth , who also won the Arima Sangam Award for Best Actor Mullum Malarum , a breakthrough for Rajinikanth , became a milestone in Tamil cinema ; it focused on visual realism , without excessive melodrama , fights , duets or dialogue . The film 's success inspired remakes in 1979 ( Venalil Oru Mazha in Malayalam ) and 1985 ( Pyari Behna in Hindi ) .
A Stereogum writer called the Hudson Mohawke remix " nice " , but preferred Gatekeeper 's " strangulation " of the song . That We Can Play was also promoted with several music videos . A video for " Planet Party " was released on Delicious Scopitone in August 2010 , which Larry Fitzmaurice of Pitchfork Media described as " a stutteringly smooth , been around for a few minutes " production with " jet skis , killer whales , water slides , wind surfing , track racing , and tape warped women " . A video for " Shadows in Bloom " by WEIRDCORE was released on November 11 and , according to Fitzmaurice , " showcases a warped take on airline attendants and air travel that has to be seen to be believed .
Two other locations under the fuselage are available for sensor or radar pods . The F 16 carries a 20 mm ( 0.787 in ) M61A1 Vulcan cannon for close range aerial combat and strafing . The F 16 was the first production fighter aircraft intentionally designed to be slightly aerodynamically unstable , also known as " relaxed static stability " ( RSS ) , to improve maneuverability . Most aircraft are designed with positive static stability , which induces aircraft to return to straight and level flight attitude if the pilot releases the controls ; this reduces maneuverability as the inherent stability has to be overcome .
Other localities – including Frankfort , Lexington , Louisville , and Boonesborough – also applied . Frankfort was eventually chosen , as Scott 's failure to secure Petersburg 's designation as the state capital contributed more than anything else to the settlement 's failure to even become a viable city . Scott 's son , Charles , Jr . , wrote to his brother Daniel that their father was planning to run for Congress in 1792 ; although Charles , Jr. expressed confidence that his father would be elected , his campaign apparently never materialized or faltered shortly after it began .
In the special episode and television film SpongeBob 's Atlantis SquarePantis , English musician and actor David Bowie guest starred as Lord Royal Highness ( LRH ) . Bowie accepted the role when he was persuaded by his 6 year old daughter , Alexandria Zahra , who is a fan of the show . Bowie wrote in his blog that he " [ is ] hit the Holy Grail of animation gigs . We , the family , are thrilled . Nothing else need happen this year , well , this week anyway . " In " BlackJack " , Marion Ross returned to reprise her role as the voice of Grandma SquarePants .
At this point , Murray had no experience in field archaeology , and so during the 1902 – 03 field season , she travelled to Egypt to join Petrie 's excavations at Abydos . Petrie and his wife , Hilda Petrie , had been excavating at the site since 1899 , having taken over the archaeological investigation from French Coptic scholar Émile Amélineau . Murray at first joined as site nurse , but was subsequently taught how to excavate by Petrie and given a senior position . This led to some issues with some of the male excavators , who disliked the idea of taking orders from a woman .
The attack was renewed on 31 May after new orders had been issued , with the division occupying the Prekaja area and capturing two Partisan tanks . Operation Rösselsprung was a failure as Tito and his principal headquarters staff escaped . After Rösselsprung , the division was deployed along the Una valley , with the exception of two battalions of the 383rd Regiment in the Prijedor – Ljubija area , and two battalions of the 384th Regiment in Drvar and Petrovac . In Drvar and Petrovac , the 384th Regiment was reinforced by the 1st Jäger Home Guard Regiment , and in the Prijedor – Ljubija area , the 383rd Regiment was reinforced by the 4th Jäger Home Guard Brigade .
State law also prohibits an underage person from misrepresenting their age in a licensed establishment . It is illegal to serve alcohol to anyone under 21 , encourage an underage person to drink , knowingly allow underage drinking on property that one owns or leases , or possess alcoholic beverages on public school property without written consent of the school board or school principal . State law grants an exemption for religious services , and for parents and guardians over 21 who serve alcohol to their own children in a private location ( such as a private home ) . New Jersey and all other U.S. states comport with the requirement of the National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 , which sought to set a national standard of 21 as the minimum age for purchasing and publicly possessing alcoholic beverages .
The forum was relatively small and initially received little publicity , but in February 1967 Shoup submitted the speech to Senator Rupert Vance Hartke , who entered it into the Congressional Record . The speech grew in popularity , and Shoup did an interview for ABC News where he elaborated that , while he was not a pacifist , he felt the war was " not worth the life or limb of a single American . " He remained firmly opposed to the involvement in Vietnam for the rest of his life . Although other retired high ranking officers , including generals James Gavin and Matthew Ridgway , joined Shoup in this , it was Shoup 's pointed criticisms that regularly made the front pages of newspapers , because they went beyond the war to American government , business , and military leadership .
Bauer disputes this , writing that Brand was simply afraid of returning to Budapest , convinced the Germans would murder him . Germany 's Foreign Minister , Joachim von Ribbentrop , had apparently known nothing about the proposal . He cabled Brigadeführer Edmund Veesenmayer of the SS on 20 July 1944 to ask about it , and was told on 22 July that Brand and Grosz had been sent to Turkey on the orders of Heinrich Himmler , head of the SS . Eichmann himself said during interrogation after the war that the order had come from Himmler , as did SS officer Kurt Becher : " Himmler said to me : ' Take whatever you can from the Jews .
Their rate of fire was 15 rounds per minute . The ship also carried a single QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss anti aircraft gun for which she carried 55 rounds . This had a maximum depression of 8 ° and a maximum elevation of 60 ° . It fired a 6 pound ( 2.7 kg ) shell at a muzzle velocity of 1,765 ft / s ( 538 m / s ) at a rate of fire of 20 rounds per minute . It had a maximum ceiling of 10,000 ft ( 3,000 m ) , but an effective range of only 1,200 yards ( 1,100 m ) .
At first the cap is covered by the soft , white fragmentary remains of the universal veil , which become more widely separated as the cap expands . They are shaggy and somewhat sticky . The gills are of varying lengths . They are free from the stipe and vary from crowded to widely spaced . They may be narrow or broad and are white to creamy yellow in color . The stipe is white and is 80 – 200 mm ( 3 – 8 in ) long and 10 – 20 mm ( 0.4 – 0.8 in ) wide .
The 24th Infantry Division 's three infantry regiments , which had a wartime strength of 3,000 each , were already below strength on their deployment , and heavy losses in the preceding two weeks had reduced their numbers further . The 21st Infantry had 1,100 men left , having suffered 1,433 casualties . The 34th Infantry had only 2,020 and the 19th had 2,276 men . There were another 2,007 men in the 24th Infantry Division artillery formations . Thus the division 's total strength was 11,400 . This was severely reduced from the 15,965 men and 4,773 vehicles that had arrived in Korea at the beginning of the month .
" Our complaint in this instance is not with the portrayal of heavy alcohol consumption , or even with the glorification of such heavy consumption ; it is specific to industry sponsorship of and entwinement with such portrayals . Quite different issues are raised where artists choose to depict such activities in the absence of industry sponsorship . " " Smoke Gets in Your Eyes " was originally broadcast on July 19 , 2007 in the United States on AMC . Upon airing , the episode acquired a 1.4 rating ( 1.2 million households ) according to the Nielsen Media Research .
Careful examination of the Doppler shifts during transits also allowed them to determine the direction of the planet 's orbital motion relative to its parent star 's rotation via the Rossiter – McLaughlin effect . WASP 17b has a radius 1.5 – 2 times that of Jupiter and about half the mass . Thus its mean density is between 0.08 and 0.19 g / cm3 , compared with Jupiter 's 1.326 g / cm3 and Earth 's 5.515 g / cm3 ( the density of water is 1 g / cm3 ) . The unusually low density is thought to be a consequence of a combination of the planet 's orbital eccentricity and its proximity to its parent star ( less than one seventh of the distance between Mercury and the Sun ) , leading to tidal flexing and heating of its interior .
Piero della Francesca had made a detailed study of perspective , and was the first painter to make a scientific study of light . These studies and Alberti 's treatise De Pictura were to have a profound effect on younger artists and in particular on Leonardo 's own observations and artworks . Massaccio 's " Expulsion from the Garden of Eden " depicting the naked and distraught Adam and Eve created a powerfully expressive image of the human form , cast into three dimensions by the use of light and shade , which was to be developed in the works of Leonardo in a way that was to be influential in the course of painting .
During the exhibition , a very quiet and genteel Mosconi blocked Wanderone 's rough and tumble banter by wearing ear plugs ; yet that failed to stop Wanderone from putting on a show for his fans . In an interview , Wanderone was asked about his strategy to defeat Mosconi , and replied that he had thought to himself , " I 'll make [ the 7 ball ] on the break and end it ... then I 'll help carry Willie out on a stretcher . " The Billiard Congress of America in 1984 inducted Wanderone into its Hall of Fame for " Meritorious Service " in recognition of his contributions to helping popularize the game of pool .
Inoue directed Takagi to make sure he destroyed the U.S. carriers the next day , and postponed the Port Moresby landings to 12 May . Takagi elected to take his carriers 120 nmi ( 140 mi ; 220 km ) north during the night so he could concentrate his morning search to the west and south and ensure that his carriers could provide better protection for the invasion convoy . Gotō and Kajioka were unable to position and coordinate their ships in time to attempt a night attack on the Allied warships . Both sides expected to find each other early the next day , and spent the night preparing their strike aircraft for the anticipated battle as their exhausted aircrews attempted to get a few hours sleep .
Thereafter , Uleki stalled for two days to the southwest of Hawaii , resulting in heavy surf across the state . The dangerous swells killed two people on Oahu . Unfavorable environmental conditions caused weakening of the hurricane by September 4 as it resumed a west northwest course away from Hawaii . Conditions later became favorable and Uleki acquired winds of 105 mph ( 165 mph ) on September 7 , constituting its secondary peak . The hurricane crossed the International Dateline on September 8 and was reclassified as typhoon . Remaining well away from land , the cyclone steadily weakened to a tropical storm by September 12 .
One obsolete type of gun , the " leatheren " was replaced by 4 pounder and 9 pounder demi culverins . These could be operated by three men , and pulled by only two horses . Adolphus 's army was also the first to use a cartridge that contained both powder and shot which sped up reloading , increasing the rate of fire . Finally , against infantry he pioneered the use of canister shot - essentially a tin can filled with musket balls . Until then there was no more than one cannon for every thousand infantrymen on the battlefield but Gustavus Adolphus increased the number of cannon sixfold .
Careful examination of the thick ' stems ' fails to resemble that of the flowers . German scholar Eugen Petersen ( 1837 – 1919 ) proposed that the figures were holding knucklebones ( talus bones from goats or sheep used to play the game of jacks ) in their left hand and roses in the right hand ; Hampe argues that the stele depicts only knucklebones , not flowers . In 1911 , Greek scholar and archaeologist Rufus B. Richardson , formerly of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens , observed that what was being described as flowers in the relief , looked similar to mushrooms .
A weir under the Portway prevents flooding upstream , except during the highest spring tides . Badock 's Wood in Southmead is a nature reserve managed by Bristol City Council . Areas of beech , oak and ash woodland support a range of other bushes and shrubs , including hazel , maple , hawthorn and blackthorn . Badock 's Meadow , a former prefab housing estate has been reseeded with native meadow plants including oxeye daisies , yellow rattle , wild carrot and knapweed . Wildlife includes native woodland birds including woodpeckers and owls , also pipistrelle bats . The Blaise Castle estate contains a variety of trees and plant life , also providing cover for birds and small mammals .
" Load out of the massive set from venues took as much as 3 1 ⁄ 2 days . Sound and light equipment was packed into the fleet of trucks first during the four hours following the concert ; the remainder of the time was spent deconstructing the steel structures making up the stage using four cranes . The extensive amount of time it took to assemble and disassemble the stage interfered with the development of the schedule for the 2010 Major League Baseball season . U2 was also forced to reschedule what would have been their final Giants Stadium concert , when the NFL changed the start time of a New York Jets game , and load out time from the concert a day and a half prior would have been insufficient .
The campaign ran throughout October and November 2010 . A later campaign featured Simon Bates , whose breakfast show attracted increased listening figures in London in early 2011 . The station signed a number of sponsorship deals with advertisers , often for a particular show or for competitions associated with the advertiser . Its first major sponsorship deal was with Honda , which sponsored the drivetime show upon the station 's launch . In July 2011 GMG signed a 13 week deal with gaming website Foxy Bingo to sponsor Smooth Radio 's afternoon show , and a three month deal with ATS Euromaster to sponsor the drivetime show began in September 2012 .
Malhotra returned to the Wolf Pack the following season after failing to make the Rangers ' roster out of training camp . With New York deep at the centre position , his AHL assignment was predicated on him learning to play wing . He received numerous call ups to New York and finished the 2000 – 01 campaign with 11 points over 28 games in the AHL and 12 points over 50 games in the NHL . The season also marked a management change as Glen Sather took over as general manager , marking the departure of Smith , who had drafted Malhotra and regarded him as untradeable during his tenure .
" He continued , " Such vivid contrasts in the film 's approach to its subject lead to its downfall . Any effect the disgustingly boring and extremely brutal murder scenes have go to waste seconds later when director Charles B. Pierce leads the picture into some of the type of poor comedy relief that one is used to seeing in budget pictures of the ' 60s . As a result , the film is unable to conjure up any mood or suspense . " He concludes with , " All in all , the picture is an unpleasant little film and Pierce , after going overboard on the blood and gore scenes , never seems to be able to decide as to how serious the picture should be , " and that " both mature and immature minds should avoid the film .
His system of local administration was based on counties organized around fortresses and administered by royal officials . Hungary , which enjoyed a lasting period of peace during his reign , became a preferred route for pilgrims and merchants traveling between Western Europe and the Holy Land or Constantinople . He survived all of his children . He died on 15 August 1038 and was buried in his new basilica , built in Székesfehérvár and dedicated to the Holy Virgin . His death caused civil wars which lasted for decades . He was canonized by Pope Gregory VII , together with his son , Emeric , and Bishop Gerard of Csanád , in 1083 .
The longer billed males are more successful in attracting a mate . The downy chick has uniformly pale brown plumage , and the fledged juvenile resembles the adult except that it has a dark head , light grey legs , and a pale bill . The unfeathered areas of the young bird 's head and neck gradually become red as it matures . Moroccan birds have a significantly longer bill than Turkish birds of the same sex . If the eastern and western populations are considered to be separable subspecies , it is unclear which should be considered to be the nominate ( first named ) form , since the first description of this species was based on a now extinct population from Switzerland which is of unknown race .
The use of mathematics in the service of social and economic analysis dates back to the 17th century . Then , mainly in German universities , a style of instruction emerged which dealt specifically with detailed presentation of data as it related to public administration . Gottfried Achenwall lectured in this fashion , coining the term statistics . At the same time , a small group of professors in England established a method of " reasoning by figures upon things relating to government " and referred to this practice as Political Arithmetick . Sir William Petty wrote at length on issues that would later concern economists , such as taxation , Velocity of money and national income , but while his analysis was numerical , he rejected abstract mathematical methodology .
Girlyman also covered this song , released on their 2003 album Remember Who I Am . Danny Colfax Mallon included " My Sweet Lord " on his album George : Harrison 's Compositions Interpreted on Piano in 2004 . Reggae artist Little Roy ( Earl Lowe ) , a Rastafarian , recorded the song for his 2005 album Children of the Most High , replacing the background chorus with sung references to Rastafari . Les Fradkin 's cover was released in 2005 on his Something for George tribute album , featuring guest appearances from Richie Furay and former Apple recording artist Lon Van Eaton .
The music video , directed by Joseph Kahn , incorporates elements of Japanese culture and features Carey 's alter ego Bianca . It was also the first time that Carey worked with Kahn in a music video , which premiered on an episode of MTV 's Making the Video in 2003 . Following the release of " Through the Rain " , Carey embarked on several stateside , European and Asian promotional tours in support of Charmbracelet , as well as its accompanying singles . Carey performed " Boy ( I Need You ) " live on several television shows appearances around the world .
The Norse legacy of art and architecture is limited . The Christchurch at Brough of Birsay , now reduced , was the early seat of the Bishop 's of Orkney . St. Magnus Cathedral , Kirkwall is peerless as an example of Norse era construction in Scotland and St. Magnus Church , on Egilsay retains its round tower . The iconic Lewis chessmen are the best known treasure trove and numerous finds of grave goods including brooches and weaponry such as the Scar boat burial are well documented . There is growing evidence of the importance of trade and commerce .
After killing many of the defenders , they quickly captured the hill , three officers , fifty five Ottoman soldiers , three Lewis guns and numerous bombs . The attackers suffered light casualties ; however the sand dune was difficult to defend because the Ottoman trenches — without revetments — had virtually disappeared during the previous bombardments . The following Ottoman bombardment of Umbrella Hill caused 103 casualties to the 1 / 7th Battalion Scottish Rifles during the next twenty four hours . However , with the hill captured by the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , the main attack could begin .
I 'm fine " . Richard Smirke from Billboard praised the performance and Madonna 's recovery , saying that " [ the singer ] didn 't let the fall affect her performance and quickly recovered to deliver a slickly choreographed routine that mirrored the matador theme of her recent Grammy Awards performance . " Madonna explained on The Jonathan Ross Show that she was told to start walking towards the stage further than originally planned . Hence her team thought that the cape could have slid off and tied it tightly round her neck . The singer had two choices when the cape did not come undone , " I could either be strangled or fall , and I chose to fall " .
A trend of decreasing electron affinity going down groups would be expected . The additional electron will be entering an orbital farther away from the nucleus . As such this electron would be less attracted to the nucleus and would release less energy when added . However , in going down a group , around one third of elements are anomalous , with heavier elements having higher electron affinities than their next lighter congenors . Largely , this is due to the poor shielding by d and f electrons . A uniform decrease in electron affinity only applies to group 1 atoms .
Following the dissolution of their team , Swagger would feud with Cesaro , with Rob Van Dam also being drawn into the feud , with the three competing in a triple threat elimination match at Extreme Rules , which Cesaro won . On the May 5 episode of Raw , Swagger and Zeb Colter would begin to rant about the foreign superstars in WWE , before being interrupted by the debuting Adam Rose . Over the next month , Swagger would lose matches due to Rose causing a distraction by appearing at ringside with his " Rosebuds " . This would lead to a match on the June 2 episode of Raw , where Swagger would be defeated by Rose .
A replica Spitfire is on display on the Thornaby Road roundabout near the school named after Sir Douglas Bader who flew a Spitfire in the Second World War . This memorial is in memory of the old RAF base in Thornaby which is now a residential estate . A fibreglass replica of a Spitfire has been mounted on a pylon in Memorial Park , Hamilton , New Zealand as a tribute to all New Zealand fighter pilots who flew Spitfires during the Second World War . At Bentley Priory , the Second World War command centre for Fighter Command , fibreglass replicas of a Spitfire Mk 1 and a Hurricane Mk 1 can be seen fixed in a position of attack .
On January 20 , 2012 , in what the Associated Press described as their " breakthrough performance " , eight members of the group performed a song on the Lobnoye Mesto in Red Square , entitled " Putin Zassal " . The title has been variously translated by English language media as " Putin has Pissed Himself " , " Putin Chickened Out " , " Putin Got Scared " and " Putin is Wetting Himself " . The song called for a popular revolt against the Russian government and an occupation of Red Square . According to a Pussy Riot member identified as " Shayba " , the song was inspired by the events of December 24 , 2011 , during which approximately 100,000 people attended anti Putin rallies in central Moscow .
Finding sufficient ground for new burials was increasingly difficult and bones were often removed to a nearby charnel house . In 1849 , an extra charge was put on burials of people from outside the parish . In 1884 , the churchyard was closed to all burials and a cemetery was opened in the town.B A round Norman style apse was added to the church in 1868 , the architects being the Lancaster partnership of Paley and Austin . The incumbent , the Rev. Thomas Clarke , paid for this addition , but died before its construction was complete . Architect J. S. Crowther oversaw further alterations in 1881 – 83 ; a baptistery was built , the organ was moved and choir stalls were built in the chancel .
Initially , the typhoon was expected to pass north of the island without affecting it significantly , but instead the island experienced the brunt of the storm . Typhoon Lupit affected the island in the previous year , from which the islanders were still recovering . With the last minute change in direction , government officials rushed to complete preparations on the island . On the day before the typhoon struck , storm shelters were opened in schools and government buildings that could withstand the winds of Sudal . In anticipation of significant damage , Yap officials sent a request to the FSM government for emergency aid to clean up after the storm .
Known only from a single tooth , an upper first or second molar , it is among the few known fossil treeshrews . With a length of 3.57 mm , the tooth is large for a treeshrew . At the back lingual corner ( the side of the tongue ) , the tooth shows a small cusp , the hypocone , that is separated from the protocone in front of it by a narrow valley . The condition of the hypocone distinguishes this species from various other treeshrews . In addition , the presence of a well developed but simple mesostyle ( a small cuspule ) is distinctive .
Given Enceladus 's relatively high rock – mass fraction , the proposed enhancement in 26Al and 60Fe would result in a differentiated body , with an icy mantle and a rocky core . Subsequent radioactive and tidal heating would raise the temperature of the core to 1,000 K , enough to melt the inner mantle . However , for Enceladus to still be active , part of the core must have also melted , forming magma chambers that would flex under the strain of Saturn 's tides . Tidal heating , such as from the resonance with Dione or from libration , would then have sustained these hot spots in the core and would power the current geological activity .
The shift of the emperor 's orb from the House of Habsburg to the Wittelsbach family , albeit a brief event , was only resolved by the ascension of Maximilian III Joseph who , with the Treaty of Füssen , eschewed any imperial pretensions . Gebhard 's defeat also changed the religious balance in the northwestern states . Although the Peace of Augsburg ( 1555 ) had addressed earlier the problem of religious pluralism , the solution potentially converted simple , and usually local , legal disputes into dynastic and religious warfare , as the Cologne War itself demonstrated . The result of the Cologne War gave the Counter Reformation a foothold in the lower Rhine .
The Palmyrene monarch destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea , 45 km west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon , as he deemed the Jews of Mesopotamia loyal to Shapur . By late 262 or early 263 , Odaenathus stood at the walls of the Persian capital . The exact route taken by Odaenathus from Palmyra to Ctesiphon remains uncertain ; it is probably similar to the route emperor Julian took in 363 during his campaign against Persia . Using this route , Odaenathus would have crossed the Euphrates at Zeugma then moved east to Edessa followed by Carrhae then Nisibis ; here , he would have descended south along the Khabur River to the Euphrates valley and marched alongside the river 's left bank to Nehardea .
Cold water from the river was pumped into the pipes , reducing the temperature within the forms from 105 ° F ( 41 ° C ) to 45 ° F ( 7 ° C ) . This caused the dam to contract about eight inches in length ; the resulting gaps were filled with grout . Until the project began , the stretch of the Columbia River where the dam was to rise was as yet unbridged , making it difficult to move men and materials . In January 1936 , the Grand Coulee Bridge ( a permanent highway bridge ) was opened after major delays caused by high water ; three additional and temporary bridges downstream had moved vehicles and workers along with sand and gravel for cement mixing .
Another actively used pair of toponyms is Dolni kray ( " Lower Part " ) and Gorni kray ( " Upper Part " ) , referring to the town neighbourhoods closer to the river or the mountain respectively . Chiprovtsi Point and Chiprovtsi Islets in Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica are named after Chiprovtsi . Chiprovtsi is situated in a small valley at the foot of the Chiprovtsi Mountain , a high northern branch of the western Balkan Mountains . The Chiprovtsi Mountain forms the border between Bulgaria and the neighbouring Serbia . It is 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) long and features several peaks around 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) , including Midzhur ( 2,168 m or 7,113 ft ) , Martinova Chuka ( 2,011 m or 6,598 ft ) , Golyama Chuka ( 1,967 m or 6,453 ft ) , Kopren ( 1,964 m or 6,444 ft ) , Tri Chuki ( 1,938 m or 6,358 ft ) and Vrazha Glava ( 1,936 m or 6,352 ft ) .
With particular emphasis on the role played by Venezuela 's private media , the film examines several key incidents : the protest march and subsequent violence that provided the impetus for Chávez 's ousting ; the opposition 's formation of an interim government headed by business leader Pedro Carmona ; and the Carmona administration 's collapse , which paved the way for Chávez 's return . The Revolution Will Not Be Televised was directed by Irish filmmakers Kim Bartley and Donnacha Ó Briain . Given direct access to Chávez , the filmmakers intended to make a fly on the wall biography of the president .
According to Ken Inglis , " most of the responsibility for letting the ... general controversy ... [ lies with ] Sir Thomas Playford and his ministers ... [ Theirs ] was the response of men who were convinced that the affairs of the society were in good hands , and that only the naive and the mischievous would either doubt this general truth or challenge any particular application of it . " Blewett and Jaensch said that the " clumsy handling " of the case was a manifestation of " the inevitable hubris of men too long in power " .
Despite this , one merchant ship was sunk by mines and another damaged . Later that month , she participated in Operation Splice , another mission in which the carriers Ark Royal and Furious flew off fighters for Malta . Force H was ordered to join the escort of Convoy WS 8B in the North Atlantic on 24 May , after the Battle of the Denmark Strait on 23 May , but they were directed to search for the German battleship Bismarck and the heavy cruiser Prinz Eugen on 25 May . Heavy seas increased fuel consumption for all of the escorts and Forester was forced to return to Gibraltar to refuel later that day before rejoining the capital ships of Force H on 29 May , after Bismarck had been tracked down and sunk .
During their short conversation , Guevara pointed out to Cortez the poor condition of the schoolhouse , stating that it was " anti pedagogical " to expect campesino students to be educated there , while " government officials drive Mercedes cars " , and declaring " that 's what we are fighting against . " Later that morning on October 9 , Bolivian President René Barrientos ordered that Guevara be killed . The order was relayed to the unit holding Guevara by Félix Rodríguez despite the United States government 's desire that Guevara be taken to Panama for further interrogation .
Suddenly , though , in the third act , all bets are off and it 's a whole new story anyway . " On the editing of Death Proof , Tarantino stated " There is half an hour 's difference between my Death Proof and what is playing in Grindhouse . [ ... ] I was like a brutish American exploitation distributor who cut the movie down almost to the point of incoherence . I cut it down to the bone and took all the fat off it to see if it could still exist , and it worked . " An extended , 127 minute version of Death Proof was screened in competition for the Palme d 'Or at the 60th Cannes Film Festival .
Although he added that the album would have been a " great debut " had the band decided to record under a different name . Bob Mack , reviewing the album for Entertainment Weekly was more forceful in putting the album down . He described the sound of the album as " hopelessly in thrall to the brand of pale pseudo psychedelia [ the band ] helped popularise during the past decade " . He went on to describe Burke and most of the songs as " nondescript " . He finished his review by saying " this is a turkey best left to be gobbled up by the band 's relatives , close friends , and diehard fans " .
On 18 June 1858 , Darwin received the essay from Wallace . While Wallace 's essay obviously did not employ Darwin 's term " natural selection " , it did outline the mechanics of an evolutionary divergence of species from similar ones due to environmental pressures . In this sense , it was very similar to the theory that Darwin had worked on for twenty years , but had yet to publish . Darwin sent the manuscript to Charles Lyell with a letter saying " he could not have made a better short abstract ! Even his terms now stand as heads of my chapters ... he does not say he wishes me to publish , but I shall , of course , at once write and offer to send to any journal .
Despite the warnings given by Brigadier General Paik Sun Yup , commander of the ROK 1st Infantry Division , a general feeling of optimism about the outcome of the war prevented the warnings from being taken seriously . With the fighting reached a stalemate at Unsan , General Walton Walker of the Eighth United States Army ordered the US 8th Cavalry Regiment of the US 1st Cavalry Division to resume offensives north by relieving the ROK 12th Regiment . By the time the US 8th Cavalry Regiment reached Unsan on 29 October , the ROK 11th Infantry Regiment of the ROK 1st Infantry Division was also pulling out of Unsan .
Some studies have shown TB education programs to be effective in decreasing stigma , and may thus be effective in increasing treatment adherence . Despite this , studies on the relationship between reduced stigma and mortality are lacking as of 2010 , and similar efforts to decrease stigma surrounding AIDS have been minimally effective . Some have claimed the stigma to be worse than the disease , and healthcare providers may unintentionally reinforce stigma , as those with TB are often perceived as difficult or otherwise undesirable . A greater understanding of the social and cultural dimensions of tuberculosis may also help with stigma reduction .
This building was a former illegal gambling hall and was confiscated by Galveston County , it now serves as a local base of operations for the Galveston County Sheriff 's Department and Galveston County Precinct 1 Constable 's office . Bacliff is located in District 23 of the Texas House of Representatives . As of 2016 , Wayne Faircloth represents the district . Bacliff is within District 11 of the Texas Senate ; as of 2016 Larry Taylor represents that district . Bacliff is in Texas 's 14th Congressional district . As of 2016 , Randy Weber represents the district .
" Catriona Wightman of Digital Spy speculated it to be inspired by Cyrus ' former fiancé Liam Hemsworth and deemed it the best song of the album . Jason Lipshutz of Billboard gave the song a mixed review , calling it a " campy piano flare up " , but criticizing French Montana 's appearance , calling it " as inexplicable as the song itself . " Marah Eakin of The A.V. Club described it as " EDM aping " . She further stated that the song " seems perfect for the album , rather than just thrown in to stay with the times .
" You Belong with Me " experienced similar commercial outcomes throughout the rest of Europe ; it became a top forty hit in Belgium ( Wallonia ) and a top fifty hit in Sweden . " You Belong with Me " was a success in Australia and New Zealand . On the week ending May 24 , 2009 , the song entered in Australia at number fifty . On the week ending July 5 , 2009 , the song reached its peak at number five , a position it maintained on for three non consecutive weeks . " You Belong with Me " was placed at number eighty eight on the decade end Austrian Singles Chart .
The episode was co written by J. H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner , and was directed by Joe Chappelle . The third season spent its time alternating between the prime and parallel universes , and " Olivia " was placed in the latter . This is indicated in the introduction of the episode , with the same red screen used in the last season 's finale , " Over There " . " Olivia " follows the cliffhanger left by the second season , in which Olivia Dunham is trapped in the parallel universe . The episode explores the consequences of Olivia 's abduction by Walternate , and her attempt to go back to the prime universe .
Pauley further averred that the building is " highly representative of the development of education and literature in the early United States " . In describing its impact on Romney 's streetscape , Chambers described Literary Hall as " adding distinction to Romney 's major street intersection " . Chambers also noted the building 's resemblance and " strong architectural kinship " to the Romney Presbyterian Church . Literary Hall is a two story red brick structure , rectangular in plan , and topped with a gable roof . The first floor of Literary Hall consists of four rooms , and the second story is a single large ballroom .
It was reformed and sent to the Eastern Front , and became part of the Waffen SS ( as the 28th SS Wallonien Division ) in 1943 . During the fighting at the Korsun – Cherkassy Pocket , the unit was nearly annihilated and its popular commander , Lucien Lippert , was killed . In order to make up numbers , and because of a lack of Belgian volunteers , the unit was allocated French and Spanish volunteers . Resistance to the German occupiers began in Belgium in the winter of 1940 , after the German defeat in the Battle of Britain made it clear that the war was not lost for the Allies .
A 1959 event in Huntsville , although smaller , damaged chimneys , wrecked plaster , and threw objects from shelves and tables . More recently , events occurred in Escambia County in 1997 and in 2003 in Fort Payne , registering magnitudes of 4.9 and spawning shaking . The Fort Payne earthquake spread over 13 states and wrought structural cracks . While earthquakes have taken place throughout Alabama , the northern part of the state is associated with the greatest amount of earthquakes because it lies near the Appalachian Mountains . Three major fault zones lie near Alabama : the New Madrid , Eastern Tennessee , and South Carolina seismic zones .
The only two known life drawings of the species ( by G. Haasbroek ) depict this individual . The illustrations show a displaying male raising its hackles into a ruff . This is a characteristic behaviour of other blue pigeons , too , and they can also vibrate their hackles . The following description of the display behaviour and calls of this individual was written on the back on the coloured drawing by Arnout Vosmaer , director of the menagerie : These [ pigeons are ] dark blue with lead coloured head feathers , which they can turn upwards just as a collar , were sent to me from the Cape , but originated from an Isle Mauritius .
The Legacy has been compared to the former WWE faction Evolution of which Orton was a member , but Rhodes and DiBiase have said that they see the comparison as an opportunity to prove themselves and show their potential . Cody Rhodes was a World Tag Team Champion throughout the beginning of 2008 alongside Hardcore Holly , who was acting as a mentor to him . Ted DiBiase made his first WWE appearance on the May 26 episode of Raw , in which he claimed that he and a mystery partner would take the World Tag Team Championship from Rhodes and Holly .
The association and IBRD operate with a staff of approximately 10,000 employees . The IDA is evaluated by the Bank 's Independent Evaluation Group . In 2009 , the group identified weaknesses in the set of controls used to protect against fraud and corruption in projects supported by IDA lending . In 2011 , the group recommended the Bank provide recognition and incentives to staff and management for implementing activities which implement the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness principles of harmonization and alignment , promote greater use of sector wide approaches to coordination , and explain the reasons why when a country 's financial management system is not used so that the client country may address those shortcomings .
Through Atlanta 's first 50 games , Heyward robustly lived up to the hype , hitting 10 home runs while batting .301 with a .421 OBP and .596 slugging percentage . He was named the National League ( NL ) Rookie of the Month in both April and May . However , after sustaining a thumb injury while sliding in May , he missed playing time . After he returned later in the season , his performance declined , and consistency was elusive . He was selected as a starter for the NL All Star team , but did not participate due to the thumb injury .
The Rough Canyon and Diablo East portions of the park were given particular focus , since they were the only two that were in existence at the time . Large boat ramps were constructed at both areas , in an attempt to increase tourism . In early August 1971 , several consecutive days of heavy rainfall led to flooding throughout the area . Several highways in the area were damaged , including RE 2 . Portions of the highway were completely washed out , which took about two weeks to repair . On April 1 , 1970 , RE 2 was officially designated by TxDOT .
In 1966 , Rugby league introduced a four tackle rule based on Camp 's early down and distance rules . Camp 's new scrimmage rules revolutionized the game , though not always as intended . Princeton , in particular , used scrimmage play to slow the game , making incremental progress towards the end zone during each down . Rather than increase scoring , which had been Camp 's original intent , the rule was exploited to maintain control of the ball for the entire game , resulting in slow , unexciting contests . At the 1882 rules meeting , Camp proposed that a team be required to advance the ball a minimum of five yards within three downs .
Allen had no compunction fielding there ; at short leg he held five catches from Larwood 's bowling in the series . Upon his return to England , Allen continued to oppose Bodyline tactics , making his opinion known to senior figures in the MCC , and leading a debate among county representatives which resulted in legislation to ban the tactic after the 1934 season . During the Bodyline tour , his first visit to Australia since the age of six , Allen spent time visiting friends and family . Before returning to England , the MCC played two Tests in New Zealand .
Although Kantakouzenos ' wife and children were safe in his headquarters at Demotika ( Didymoteicho ) , the regency placed his mother , Theodora , under house arrest . The privations she suffered during her imprisonment were to cause her eventual death . As the first groups of his partisans fleeing the capital arrived at Demotika , Kantakouzenos , by his own account , tried to negotiate with the new regency , but his approach was rebuffed . Finally forced to take decisive action , on 26 October 1341 , the army ( 2,000 cavalry and 4,000 infantry , according to Gregoras ) and his supporters , largely drawn from the land holding aristocracy , proclaimed Kantakouzenos Emperor .
Only one man was killed and five wounded aboard the battlecruisers during the battle . After the Battle of the Falklands Inflexible was repaired and refitted at Gibraltar . She arrived at the Dardanelles on 24 January 1915 where she replaced Indefatigable as the flagship of the Mediterranean Fleet . She bombarded Turkish fortifications on 19 February , the start of the Battle of Gallipoli , to little effect , and again on 15 March , with the same results . She was part of the first line of British ships on 18 March as they attempted to suppress the Turkish guns so the minefields could be swept .
When playing foreign teams , particularly in the European club competitions , the opposition would often cynically employ overt gamesmanship or downright dirty tactics . Continental sides were considered to be " sneaky " : If they went ahead , they didn 't try to extend their lead , like proper footballers , but defended , like blackguards and cowards . It was , Roy always believed , something of a character defect , probably caused by the pencil thin moustaches they wore , in order to distinguish themselves as foreign . The strip followed the structure of the football season , thus there were several months each year when the Rovers were not playing football , but the strip needed to depict something more exciting than the players going on holiday and then reporting for pre season training .
Dahl " liked " " Jack , Meet Ethan . Ethan ? Jack " , but decided " that it 's not [ Lindelof ] ' s best work " . Dahl wrote that " Jin Has a Temper Tantrum on the Golf Course " is " a nice little scene " , but the reviewer pointed out an inaccuracy in the scene 's golf gameplay . When reviewing " The Envelope " , Dahl wrote that " The people over at Lost have cheated a little bit ... [ but ] it 's still a pretty cool deleted scene " .
Musically , the song consists of bass , skittering drums , vague synthesizers , scintillating strings , finger snaps and a substantial amount of trap beats . Elements of hip hop music are also present in " Drunk in Love " . Written in the key of A ♭ major , the track contains a moderately slow tempo of 70 beats per minute , while also following a chord progression of Fm — B ♭ m — E ♭ — A ♭ . Beyoncé and Jay Z 's vocals range from F3 to E ♭ 5 . Many contemporary critics viewed " Drunk in Love " as a sequel or an extension to Beyoncé 's own 2003 collaboration with Jay Z , " Crazy in Love " .
This was done quickly and a number of German agents were caught , crippling German intelligence operations in the UK at a crucial moment in the war . Steinhauer himself had been lucky to escape arrest ; he was known by name to the British authorities and he had been spying on the Royal Navy in Scotland as recently as late June 1914 . Lody embarked on his mission " so hastily that he did not even have time to learn a code that might have assisted him to get his messages through " , according to Steinhauer Posing as an American tourist , Lody left Berlin on 14 August , travelling via Denmark to the Norwegian port of Bergen .
Reconstructions of ankylosaur forelimb musculature made by Coombs in 1978 suggest that the forelimbs bore the majority of the animal 's weight , and were adapted for high force delivery on the front feet , possibly for food gathering . In addition , Coombs suggested that ankylosaurs may have been capable diggers , though the hoof like structure of the manus would have limited fossorial activity . Ankylosaurs were likely to have been slow moving and sluggish animals , though they may have been capable of quick movements when necessary . The osteoderms of ankylosaurids were thin in comparison to those of other ankylosaurs , and appear to have been strengthened by randomly distributed cushions of collagen fibers .
Staff writer Tom Gammill came up with the idea for the violent version of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , and Gibson throwing his Senator badge away at the end of the film , is a reference to the ending of the film Dirty Harry from 1971 . The idea for the set piece with electric cars at the beginning of the episode came from Kevin Nealon , who was a friend of former showrunner David Mirkin . One day , he came by and demonstrated his electric car for the writing staff . The episode featured Mel Gibson as a guest voice .
" As a form of freedom of expression , Sarmiento began to write political commentary . In addition to writing , he also began teaching in Los Andes . Due to his innovative style of teaching , he found himself in conflict with the governor of the province . He founded his own school in Pocuro as a response to the governor . During this time , Sarmiento fell in love and had an illegitimate daughter named Ana Faustina , who Sarmiento did not acknowledge until she married . In 1836 , Sarmiento returned to San Juan , seriously ill with typhoid fever ; his family and friends thought he would die upon his return , but he recovered and established an anti federalist journal called El Zonda .
Each dream acts as a character study , exploring the fears and future of the dreamer . Willow , Xander , and Giles are stalked by a shadowy figure , then killed within their dreams . The way in which each is killed is directly related to the role they had assumed when melding with Buffy in the previous episode — that role is indicated by the Tarot like card used to symbolize the character 's essence . Willow 's card had been Spiritus , representing her magical powers ; she is killed by having her spirit sucked out of her .
Smith was no different . Ten minutes in and we 'd forgotten she was anyone new . " In contrast , Mark Wright , reviewing the episode for The Stage , praised Smith 's performance as Joey , deeming her to be " a much more satisfying sidekick " than Julia Sawalha 's Carla Borrego . He enjoyed the on screen relationship between the two lead actors , writing that : " it ’ s the interplay between Davies and Smith that makes this really special . " Scotland on Sunday 's Chitra Ramaswamy discussed the nostalgia invoked by the series ' return , alongside The Royle Family , Blackadder and Shooting Stars — other major shows which returned for 2008 Christmas specials .
He said that most of the rehearsal schedule was devoted to ensuring that the first act would be good . At rehearsals , the film maker would have the younger actors observe the older actors practise the first act scenes . This had a double purpose : the older actors would have a memory of having played those scenes , while the child actors would get a better idea of how a more skilled actor would play their part . Romanek would then mix and match the actors ( for example , Mulligan would do a scene with the child playing the younger Tommy ) .
When snow does make it past the mountains , it is usually light and is seldom on the ground for more than two or three days . However , several storms have dropped 18 inches ( 460 mm ) or more of snow within normally warm areas . The 1993 Storm of the Century that lasted from March 11 to March 15 , 1993 affected places from Canada to Central America , brought a significant amount of snow to North Carolina . Newfound Gap received more than 36 inches ( 0.91 m ) of snow with drifts more than 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) while Mount Mitchell measured over 4 feet ( 1.2 m ) of snow with drifts to 14 feet ( 4.3 m ) .
In the final practice session , Ralf Schumacher was the quickest driver with a lap of 1 : 39.188 , almost three tenths of a second ahead of Montoya . Michael Schumacher was unable to improve his time from the previous session and was third fastest . He was ahead of Häkkinen in fourth , Heidfeld in fifth and Barrichello in sixth . Irvine was seventh with Panis in eighth . Coulthard , who beached his McLaren in the gravel trap at Agip corner , took ninth and Trulli completed the top ten ahead of qualifying . Saturday 's afternoon qualifying session lasted for an hour .
The next year , Mrs. Tiggy Winkle was one of the first set of ten porcelain figurines released . Between 1985 and 1999 Beswick produced five more porcelain collectibles featuring the hedgehog , including her head as a mug in 1988 , a larger version of the first figurine in 1996 , and a limited edition tableau showing Lucie and Mrs. Tiggy Winkle in 1999 . Beswick Pottery was eventually acquired by Royal Doulton , which continued to issue the figurines under the " Royal Albert " brand until it was discontinued in 2002 . Stuffed toy manufacturers requested licensing for Potter 's figures as early as 1909 ; however she refused to grant permission , having been disappointed with the quality of the proposed toys .
The Indian Act , various treaties and case laws were established to mediate relations between Europeans and native peoples . Most notably , a series of eleven treaties known as the Numbered Treaties were signed between Aboriginals in Canada and the reigning Monarch of Canada between 1871 and 1921 . These treaties are agreements with the Canadian Crown in Council , administered by Canadian Aboriginal law , and overseen by the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development . The role of the treaties and the rights they support were reaffirmed by Section Thirty five of the Constitution Act , 1982 .
She averaged 17.2 points per game . She was the team 's captain , the youngest in the WNBA at the time . During one game which was attended by 11,000 fans , the fans loudly chanted her name . In 2002 , Carrie Graf , who had been an assistant coach on the Australian national team from when Jackson for played for it , changed coaching positions in the WNBA from Phoenix to Seattle specifically to make Jackson feel more comfortable playing for the team . She was estimated to have earned $ 200,000 to play for the Storm in 2002 .
He was born in Stalybridge and brought up in Stalybridge and Ashton under Lyne until he entered the family cotton business in 1838 after a seven year period working in a bank . Having originally opposed trade unions , Mason became a paternalistic mill owner , creating a colony for his workers with associated facilities and ensuring that they experienced good conditions . During the Lancashire Cotton Famine of the 1860s he refused to cut workers ' wages although it was common practice . Mason became the first Liberal to be elected councillor for Ashton under Lyne in 1856 . He was mayor of the council from 1857 to 1860 and retired from local politics in 1874 due to conflict with his own party .
The home team 's bowlers would tie down the Australians , forcing the batsmen to take risks to score runs and thereby increasing the chances of dismissal ; however , if rain produced a sticky wicket , the England attack might be able to dismiss Australia relatively easily . As such , England filled their team with batsmen and only played three frontline bowlers , Laker , Bedser and Young , and relied on Yardley , Edrich and Charlie Barnett to support them with their occasion seam bowling . It was speculated that England would use only two specialist bowlers ; the all rounder George Pope was in the squad and it was thought he would be used in place of one of the bowlers , but in the end , he was omitted , as was Reg Simpson .
The country was then dismembered and the extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ante Pavelić , who had been in exile in Benito Mussolini 's Italy , was appointed Poglavnik ( leader ) of an Ustaše led Croatian state – the Independent State of Croatia ( often called the NDH , from the Croatian : Nezavisna Država Hrvatska ) . The NDH combined almost all of modern day Croatia , all of modern day Bosnia and Herzegovina and parts of modern day Serbia into an " Italian German quasi protectorate " . NDH authorities , led by the Ustaše militia , subsequently implemented genocidal policies against the Serb , Jewish and Romani population living within the borders of the new state .
To further promote the game upon release , Square Enix offered the Japanese thriller Battle Royale as a free rental for Xbox One in the weekend following the game 's release . After its initial release , a patch was released to fix issues similar to those fixed in the PC port . At release , the PC version suffered from graphics problems , crashes , and had its graphics locked . An international version was reported to be in the works by Tabata in the Ultimania guide for Type 0 . He later commented that the main reasons for the original version not coming west was the flagging PSP market and the uncertainty of the Vita , making a port impractical .
The Yugoslavs were quickly engaged by escorting Messerschmitt Bf 109Es from Jagdgeschwader 77 ( JG 77 ) . Just as the first wave was departing , Hawker Hurricane Mk1s of the 52nd Group of the 2nd Fighter Brigade based at Knić arrived over Belgrade and engaged some divebombers , claiming one Stuka shot down . During the first attack , the Yugoslavs claimed fifteen German aircraft shot down , lost five of their own , with more than six badly damaged . The pilots of JG 77 claimed ten Yugoslav machines shot down and another six destroyed on the ground .
That year , the Warner brothers established the Pittsburgh based Duquesne Amusement Company , a distribution firm that proved lucrative until the advent of Thomas Edison 's Motion Picture Patents Company ( also known as the Edison Trust ) , which charged distributors exorbitant fees . In 1909 , Harry agreed to bring Jack into the family business ; he sent his younger brother to Norfolk , Virginia , where Jack assisted Sam in the operation of a second film exchange company . Later that year , the Warners sold the family business to the General Film Company for " $ 10,000 in cash , $ 12,000 in preferred stock , and payments over a four year period for a total of $ 52,000 " ( equivalent to $ 1,369,526 today ) .
According to his biographer , Margaret Leech , " McKinley 's fervor was irresistible to his audiences . He was better than a spellbinder . He was a vote getter . The whirlwind campaign of the Governor of Ohio was a sensation of the autumn . " The 1894 elections saw the Democrats suffer the greatest losses by a majority party in congressional history , as the Republicans again took control of both houses . The outcome of the 1894 elections made it increasingly likely a Republican would be the next president . At the time , the presidential nominating process started much later than it subsequently would , and McKinley , in quietly organizing his campaign with Hanna 's aid in the early months of 1895 , was alone among the candidates in acting so early .
After hearing from immigrants how European strikers had used this tactic during prolonged strikes , Haywood decided to take the gamble in Lawrence , a first in American Labor history . He and the IWW used announcements in socialist newspapers to solicit host families , then screened strikers to see who might be willing to send their children into the care of strangers . On February 10 , 1912 , the first group of " Lawrence Strike Children " bid tearful goodbyes to their parents and , with chaperones to guide them , boarded a train for New York . The children arrived safely in Manhattan that evening where they were taken to a Labor hall .
" Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said " [ Louboutins ] does for the ultra high end shoe brand what Crocs do for sexy . " She pointed out how the song was not as good as Lopez 's previous material and at one point even called the song " Poo " . Further to this , Peter Gicas of E ! Online was also critical of the song , suggesting that the song leaked online before its official debut to warn fans of what Lopez was about to inflict on them . " The track begins with the singer insisting , " I 'm taking back my love .
4AD would distribute the album in Europe . Upon its February 2008 release , For Emma , Forever Ago sold 4,000 copies in its debut week . That placed it on several U.S. album sales charts , including at number 182 on the Billboard 200 and a number five entry on the Top Heatseekers chart . Sales for For Emma were " slow building , " according to music publication Billboard , but eventually became a " commercial smash " for Jagjaguwar . The album eventually peaked at number 64 on the Billboard 200 in the issue dated January 24 , 2009 .
" Her role as an artist in and voice lender to the subaltern is appreciated by theorists as having brought such ideas to first world view . USA Today included her on its list of the 100 Most Interesting People of 2007 and she was named one of Time Out ' s 40th Birthday London Heroes in 2008 . The same year , Esquire listed M.I.A. as one of the 75 Most Influential People of the 21st century , describing her as the first and only major artist in world music , and in 2009 she was cited in Time magazine 's Time 100 as one of the world 's most influential people for her global influence across many genres .
They displaced 1,612 t ( 1,587 long tons ) as designed and 1,864 t ( 1,835 long tons ) at full load . The last ship , Geier , was 79.62 m long at the waterline and 83.90 m ( 275.3 ft ) long overall . She had a beam of 10.60 m ( 34.8 ft ) and a draft of 4.74 m ( 15.6 ft ) forward and 5.22 m ( 17.1 ft ) aft . The cruisers ' hulls were constructed with transverse steel frames with yellow pine planking up to the upper deck . A layer of Muntz metal sheathing covered the hull to protect the wood from shipworm .
Whether these differences are the direct cause or the result of obesity has yet to be determined unequivocally . An association between viruses and obesity has been found in humans and several different animal species . The amount that these associations may have contributed to the rising rate of obesity is yet to be determined . There are many possible pathophysiological mechanisms involved in the development and maintenance of obesity . This field of research had been almost unapproached until the leptin gene was discovered in 1994 by J. M. Friedman 's laboratory . These investigators postulated that leptin was a satiety factor .
" In 1992 , he performed live at the bullring at Seville Expo ' 92 , and a year later on the Plaza Mayor in Madrid , playing " La Barrosa " . In 1995 , he and Bryan Adams recorded the hit song and video Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman on the soundtrack for the American film Don Juan DeMarco . In 1996 , his first " golden hits " album , Antología , was in the top 20 in Spain for at least 16 weeks , selling over 65,000 copies . In 1997 , de Lucía performed in a tribute show to the assassinated Spanish politician Miguel Angel Blanco , alongside the likes of Julio Iglesias and Los Del Rio .
As an artist , Leonardo also closely observed and recorded the effects of age and of human emotion on the physiology , studying in particular the effects of rage . He also drew many figures who had significant facial deformities or signs of illness . Leonardo also studied and drew the anatomy of many animals , dissecting cows , birds , monkeys , bears , and frogs , and comparing in his drawings their anatomical structure with that of humans . He also made a number of studies of horses . Da Vinci performed some very detailed investigations into not only anatomy but also physiology .
Memory Almost Full reached the Top 5 in both the UK and US , as well as Denmark , Sweden , Greece , and Norway . The Grammy nominated album has sold over 2 million copies worldwide and has been certified gold by the RIAA for shipments of over 500,000 copies just in the United States . The album was released in three versions : a single disc , a 2 CD set , and a CD / DVD deluxe edition , the latter of which was released on 6 November 2007 . Nine demos were recorded at The Mill studio in September 2003 by Paul McCartney and his touring band .
To keep the design as simple as possible , a near solid spherical core was chosen rather than a hollow one , although calculations showed that a hollow core would be more efficient in its use of plutonium . The hollow core design was initially pursued , but it was found difficult to produce the more stringent hollow pit implosion requirements that would be necessary . The core 's sub critical mass was instead manufactured into a geometry that closely resembled a near perfect solid sphere , which could then be compressed to prompt super criticality by a less technically demanding implosion , generated by the high explosive lens .
A limited quantity of themed Xbox faceplates created by Nomura were made available through a select few retailers in Europe , North America , and Australia . PAL territories received a limited collector 's edition of the game for both Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , with the Final Fantasy XIII Original Sound Selection " best of " soundtrack CD , three Eidolon art prints , a Brand of the l 'Cie decal and The World of Final Fantasy XIII , a hardback book featuring character artwork , CG rendered artwork , and environments from across the game production . Square Enix published three Ultimania books : the Final Fantasy XIII Scenario Ultimania and the Final Fantasy XIII Battle Ultimania on January 28 , 2010 , and the Final Fantasy XIII Ultimania Ω on September 30 , 2010 .
The story arc explores the symbiotic relationship between Joker and Batman , and sees the villain shatter the trust between Batman and his adopted family . Capullo 's Joker design replaced his traditional outfit with a utilitarian , messy , and disheveled appearance to convey that the character was on a mission ; his face ( surgically removed in 2011 's Detective Comics # 1 ) was reattached with belts , wires , and hooks , and he was outfitted with mechanics overalls . The Joker 's face was restored in Snyder 's and Capullo 's " Endgame " ( 2014 ) , the concluding chapter to " Death of the Family " , which featured the deaths of Joker and Batman .
Pike 's party reached the Kitkehahki village on September 25 , 1806 , shortly after Melgares 's departure . Upon his arrival , he was greeted by the ranking chief , Sharitarish , who invited him to eat in his lodge and told him of Melgares 's recent visit . The Pawnees presented eight horses to the Osages accompanying Pike , and members of the two tribes smoked pipes together . Pike 's party established a camp fortified with rifle pits on a hill on the north bank of the Republican opposite the village . On the following day , a delegation of 12 Kanzas arrived at the village ; on September 28 , they held a council with the Osages .
Mal Waldron , an American jazz and world music composer who came to fame after performing as Billie Holiday 's accompanist until her death , collaborated with the Lafayette Afro Rock Band in 1975 , employing them to back him on his unreleased Candy Girl album . Shortly later , legendary blues pianist Sunnyland Slim sought out the band 's services , and recorded the collaboration album Depression Blues . The group subsequently reverted to the " Ice " moniker , releasing material concurrently on an " Various Artists " formatted 1975 released LP " Tonight at the Discotheque " under the art names " Captain Dax " , " Les Atlantes " and " Crispy and Co .
Samantha auctioned the costumes used by Mahesh in the film for raising funds for the charity organisation " Pratyusha " . Vaitla 's next film with Mahesh namely Aagadu ( 2014 ) , which too was produced by 14 Reels Entertainment and had the same technical crew of this film , was a failure at the box office . The Hindu cited similarities with Dookudu as one of the reasons of the film 's failure . Dookudu was dubbed by 14 Reels Entertainment into Tamil as Athiradi Vettai in 2013 . The film was also dubbed into Hindi as The Real Tiger and into Malayalam as Choodan .
Magnes 's views of the Jewish people were strongly influenced by First Hebrew 's Rabbi Levy , and it was at the building on 13th and Clay that Magnes first began preaching — his bar mitzvah speech of 1890 was quoted at length in The Oakland Tribune . Morris Sessler succeeded Levy as rabbi in 1892 . He had served at Congregation of the Sons of Israel and David in Providence , Rhode Island , from 1887 to 1892 . His tenure lasted only six months , as " his ideas did not harmonize with those of the congregation " .
Goldstein called the characters colorful , but found the locations to be uninteresting . Hopper called the game 's aesthetic " anime esque " and clean , and said that the static images were decent . Parker liked the game 's presentation , and called the environments " beautifully drawn " . A manga based on the game , written by Kenji Kuroda and drawn by Kazuo Maekawa , premiered in 2009 in Kodansha 's Weekly Young Magazine . Kodansha also released the manga in North America in four volumes between July 31 , 2012 , and January 29 , 2013 .
So when I was doing ' Bounce ' , you know I don 't actually drink or smoke so I thought I don 't wanna do a video in a club like poppin ' bottles and all this stuff , although the song 's about partying . I [ wanted to ] do a celebration ... and it made me think of that experience with my mother 's friend going to an Indian wedding and having the most crazy and amazing time and I though I wanna do an Indian wedding ! And I wanna do it in India ! And I wanna do it properly ... and I put an elephant in there for good luck .
The room is 55 ft × 30 ft ( 16.8 m × 9.1 m ) . Its walls are covered in dark walnut . Ornamental lighting fixtures with brass wall mountings adorn the east and west ends of the room , and a bronze ring chandelier hangs above the center . At its east end , the United States National Bank Building stands directly across 6th Avenue from another A. E. Doyle designed bank building , the Bank of California Building , of 1925 . The aforementioned building 's Italianate style contrasts sharply with the U.S. National Bank Building 's classical design .
Mitigation strategies include : White roofs : Painting rooftops white has become a common strategy to reduce the heat island effect . In cities , there are many dark colored surfaces that absorb the heat of the sun in turn lowering the albedo of the city . White rooftops allow high solar reflectance and high solar emittance , increasing the albedo of the city or area the effect is occurring . Green roofs : Green roofs are another method of decreasing the urban heat island effect . Green roofery is the practice of having vegetation on a roof ; such as having trees or a garden .
Peel was described as " a tall robust man " with reddish hair , cautious but shrewd , who led the family to fortune through perseverance and resolve . He married Elizabeth Haworth on 28 August 1744 and they had eight children , including Sir Robert Peel , 1st Baronet . Sir Robert Peel went on to father Sir Robert Peel , 2nd Baronet , the future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , who helped to create the modern concept of a police force . Young Robert would visit Parsley Peel and his wife at their home in Ardwick .
The film was # 5 among the ten lowest grossing releases of 2010 from major studios ( movies released in over 1500 theaters ) . Let Me In received critical acclaim upon release . Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 88 % based on reviews from 220 critics , with an average score of 7.6 / 10 . The consensus is that " similar to the original in all the right ways — but with enough changes to stand on its own — Let Me In is the rare Hollywood remake that doesn 't add insult to inspiration .
The third division was called the Hylleis , after Heracles ' son Hyllus , with whom Pamphylus and Dymas migrated to the Peloponnese . Xuthus married Erechtheus ' daughter Creusa and was the father of Ion and Achaeus , along with a daughter named Diomede . The relation between the progenitors of Greek tribes among the descendents of Deucalion is outlined in the following table : What was likely the largest unified stemma to be treated , the account of the descendents of Aeolus and Aenarete 's five daughters and seven sons , stretched from before the 200th line of book 1 well into the second book .
This phase between Foussat Road and Jefferies Ranch Road was finished in late 1999 . Because the expressway was constructed on top of Mission Avenue east of Old Grove Road , the former was rerouted onto a new alignment that connected to Frazee Road . However , Mission Avenue was thus fragmented , and does not exist between Frazee Road and Jefferies Ranch Road , where the designation resumes . By 2002 , Caltrans had two proposals for the part of the widening project between East Vista Way and Mission Road : building the new highway on top of the old one , or constructing a new roadway to the south of the San Luis Rey River .
After winning the Finals in five games , Duncan joined John Salley as the only players to win a championship in three different decades . On June 23 , 2014 , Duncan exercised his $ 10.3 million player option for the 2014 – 15 season . On November 14 , 2014 , Duncan scored his 25,000th point in the first half of the Spurs ' 93 – 80 win over the Los Angeles Lakers , becoming the 19th player in NBA history to reach the milestone . On February 19 , 2015 , he passed Alex English to move into 16th place on the NBA 's all time scoring list with 30 points against the Los Angeles Clippers .
Two days later several Dunkirkers were dispatched to force the Talamone 's port mouth , and 8 ships arrived from Naples at Porto Santo Stefano , destroying or capturing about 70 tartanes and barges which contained the supplies of Thomas of Savoy 's army during the operation . Du Daugnon , meanwhile , returned to Toulon . Despite his failure , reinforcements could later be carried to Talamone aboard five ships , and Linhares ' attempts to dislodge the French siege lines were unsuccessful . Linhares disembarked 3.300 soldiers led by Pimienta , who divided them in two corps and advanced upon the French lines .
This battle took place in many stages . Firstly , the tributaries to the Jaffna Kingdom in the Vanni area , namely the Vanniar chieftains of the Vannimai were neutralised . This was followed by two successive conquests . The first war of conquest did not succeed in capturing the kingdom . It was the second conquest dated to 1450 that eventually was successful . Apparently connected with this war of conquest was an expedition to Adriampet in modern South India , occasioned according to Valentyn by the seizure of a Lankan ship laden with cinnamon . The Tenkasi inscription of Arikesari Parakrama Pandya of Tinnevelly ' who saw the backs of kings at Singai , Anurai , ' and else where , may refer to these wars ; it is dated between A.D. 1449 50 and 1453 4 .
Along with Isopogon dawsonii , it is the easiest member of the genus to grow . The fine foliage , red stems , bright yellow flowers in spring and distinctive drumsticks afterwards make I. anethifolius an appealing garden plant . It has potential as a screening plant ( its dense foliage can be used for privacy ) . It prefers acidic soil with extra water , though it does not tolerate waterlogging . A part shaded position is the preferred location , though I. anethifolius grows readily in full sun . Plants can withstand frosts to − 8 ° C ( 20 ° F ) .
Lost Coast was released on October 27 , 2005 , as a free download from Valve 's Steam content delivery service to anyone who purchased Half Life 2 . People who received Half Life 2 as a gift from Valve 's online store were not eligible to download the level . Valve announced on May 30 , 2007 that Lost Coast , along with Half Life 2 : Deathmatch , would be made available for free to owners of ATI Radeon cards . It was later released without charge to Nvidia graphics card owners along with Half Life 2 : Deathmatch , Peggle Extreme , and the first eleven levels of Portal .
" That the Quiet Beatle was capable of such range , " Rodriguez continues , " from the joyful ' What Is Life ' to the meditative ' Isn 't It a Pity ' to the steamrolling ' Art of Dying ' to the playful ' I Dig Love ' – was revelatory . " Most reviewers tended to discount the third disc of studio jams , accepting that it was a " free " addition to justify the set 's high retail price , although Anthony DeCurtis recognises Apple Jam as further evidence of the album 's " bracing air of creative liberation " .
Of course , Acheson 's own approach to being Secretary of State was such that when you took an agreement to him to be signed , his chief question was " By what authority do I sign this ? " And whoever brought it to him to get it signed , had to be ready with the answer that would satisfy a lawyer -- " by what legal authority " -- as well as what it provides and so forth . In late 1949 , President Truman asked Dean Acheson to concentrate on the question of whether the United States should develop the hydrogen bomb .
Humphreys also scored in the following match against Leeds United . Two games later , Humphreys scored a much talked about goal when he went on a 50 yard run and scored a spectacular chipped goal against Leicester City . Humphreys was seen as the driving force behind Sheffield Wednesday 's shock early lead at the top of The Premiership . His form linked him to a £ 4 million transfer to Leeds United . However Humphreys remained at Sheffield Wednesday and played 34 games for them in the 1996 – 97 season . His performances earned him a place in the England team for the 1997 FIFA U 20 World Cup in Malaysia .
Allison finds evidence of Harrison 's antipathy towards organised religion in this inner gatefold photo , following on from the lyrics to his 1970 song " Awaiting on You All " . In order to add to Harrison 's " mystique " , author Bruce Spizer writes , Wilkes placed a colour image of him over the main , black and white print . The same detail echoed the contrast in " Living in the Material World " between the illusory nature of human existence and what Allison describes as the " vital , eternal reality " offered by spiritual enlightenment .
During the visit , she stopped in Arendal , Bergen , and Odda . In July , the ship conducted gunnery training near the northern coast of Holstein , followed by training cruises off the coast of Mecklenburg . Kaiser Wilhelm II served as the flagship of the III Squadron , which was organized for the autumn maneuvers in August . The III Squadron was attached to the High Seas Fleet for the maneuvers , which lasted from 28 August to 11 September . The following day , the III Squadron was disbanded and Kaiser Wilhelm II returned to service with the Baltic reserve division .
However , Cassius Dio marks the wider imperial decline as beginning in 180 AD with the ascension of Commodus to the throne , a judgement with which Gibbon concurred , and Matyszak states that " the rot ... had become established long before " even that . Although the crisis of the 3rd century was not the absolute beginning of Rome 's decline , it nevertheless did impose a severe strain on the empire as Romans waged war on one another as they had not done since the last days of the Republic . Within the space of a single century , twenty seven military officers declared themselves emperors and reigned over parts of the empire for months or days , all but two meeting with a violent end .
Show creator Daniel Knauf actively participated in online fandom and offered story- and mythology related clues . He also gave insight into reasons for Carnivàle 's cancellation on a messageboard before speaking to the press . One year after Carnivàle 's cancellation , a major Carnivàle convention called CarnyCon 2006 Live ! was organized by fans . It took place in Woodland Hills , California on August 21 – 23 , 2006 . Many of the show 's cast and crew attended the event and participated in discussion panels , which were recorded and made available on DVD afterwards . Despite its short two season run , Carnivàle received numerous awards and nominations .
Cambridge were coached by Chris Addison ( who rowed for Cambridge in the 1939 race ) , James Crowden ( who rowed for the Light Blues in the 1951 and 1952 races ) , A. T. Denby ( 1958 Blue ) , David Jennens ( who rowed three times between 1949 and 1951 ) and J. R. Owen ( 1959 race ) . Oxford 's coaching team comprised Jumbo Edwards ( who rowed for Oxford in 1926 and 1930 ) , J. L. Fage ( an Oxford Blue in 1958 and 1959 ) and L. A. F. Stokes ( who rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1951 and 1952 races ) .
Chang called Dylan 's father " a stiff Asian stereotype " , while Mohan of The Oregonian found it contradictory for an anti racist film to contain such depiction . Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian even claimed that the line " If you can barely beat a little black girl " ( spoken by Dylan 's father ) signifies that Atchison " thinks it 's all right to bring in racism by making the Asians the racists . " Metro Silicon Valley 's Richard von Busack commented that " [ s ] tepping around black stereotypes , the film squishes its two left feet right in the mire of Asian stereotyping .
It was also used for springs , including those used in clocks and watches . With the advent of speedier and thriftier production methods , steel has become easier to obtain and much cheaper . It has replaced wrought iron for a multitude of purposes . However , the availability of plastics in the latter part of the 20th century allowed these materials to replace steel in some applications due to their lower fabrication cost and weight . Carbon fiber is replacing steel in some cost insensitive applications such as aircraft , sports equipment and high end automobiles . As reinforcing bars and mesh in reinforced concrete Railroad tracks Structural steel in modern buildings and bridges Wires Input to reforging applications Major appliances Magnetic cores The inside and outside body of automobiles , trains , and ships .
It is their first album since reforming after they disbanded in 1993 . Vocalist Ian McCulloch and guitarist Will Sergeant had previously worked together as Electrafixion before they were rejoined by bassist Les Pattinson under the name Echo & the Bunnymen in early 1997 . The album was recorded at Doghouse Studios in Henley on Thames and was produced by McCulloch and the band 's manager Paul Toogood but was credited to the whole band . Following a successful return to live performances and the release of the single " Nothing Lasts Forever " , the album was released in July 1997 .
The Robots ' Rebellion was greeted with dismay by the Green Party 's executive . Despite the controversy over the press conference and Wogan interview , they had allowed Icke to address the party 's annual conference in 1992 — a decision that led one of its principal speakers , Sara Parkin , to resign — but after the publication of The Robot 's Rebellion they moved to ban him . Icke wrote to the Guardian in September 1994 denying that The Robots ' Rebellion was antisemitic , and rejecting racism , sexism and prejudice of any kind , while insisting that whoever had written the Protocols " knew the game plan " for the 20th century .
The New York Times condemned the appointments of Tom C. Clark and Sherman Minton in particular as examples of cronyism and favoritism for unqualified candidates . The four justices appointed by Truman joined with Justices Felix Frankfurter , Robert H. Jackson , and Stanley Reed to create a substantial seven member conservative bloc on the Supreme Court . This returned the court for a time to the conservatism of the 1920s . In addition to his four Supreme Court appointments , Truman appointed 27 judges to the courts of appeals , and 101 judges to federal district courts . Truman made five international trips during his presidency : Three months after ascending to the presidency , he made his only trans Atlantic trip as president to participate in the Potsdam Conference with British Prime Ministers Churchill and Attlee and Soviet Premier Stalin to discuss how to administer the defeated Nazi Germany .
The Saguna meditation , that is qualified and with attributes , is for those who need a concrete symbol such as a Murti , or a visualization aid . They should think of the identity of their lotus heart having eight petals with the highest self visualized as Vasudeva , Narayana or Purushottama . The meditation should concentrate on one 's own identity with this image of imperishable highest self . This is the path to the state of Vaishvanara , or qualified Dhyana . The text suggests variations to the Saguna meditation , such as perceiving the union of a golden disc with four faced golden Purusha , imagining a lustrous inner self inside oneself and then oneness with it , and other variations .
The most common definition is given above , but another common alternative is to divide by the constant mk to obtain a dimensionless conserved eccentricity vector <formula> where v is the velocity vector . This scaled vector e has the same direction as A and its magnitude equals the eccentricity of the orbit . Other scaled versions are also possible , e.g. , by dividing A by m alone <formula> or by p0 <formula> which has the same units as the angular momentum vector L. In rare cases , the sign of the LRL vector may be reversed , i.e. , scaled by − 1 .
Jon Pareles of the New York Times remarked that the production had a " fatalistic calm , in a commercial mold " . He compared the album 's production and synthesized hooks to that of Dr. Dre 's G funk style , stating that " while 2Pac doesn 't sing , other voices do , providing smooth melody " . James Bernard at Entertainment Weekly was not quite as enthusiastic about the album 's production , remarking that Shakur 's " vocals are buried deep in the mix . That 's a shame — if they were more in your face , the lackluster beats might be less noticeable .
Gameplay is divided into two different styles : aerial based rail shooter segments , and ground based segments that feature both linear paths and free roaming areas . The game 's difficulty , or Intensity , is determined by betting hearts in the Fiend 's Cauldron before beginning each mission . The difficulty ranges from the very easy " 0.0 " to the highly difficult " 9.0 " . Pit 's combat abilities are divided between long range attacks using gun like weapons , and close quarters melee attacks . During missions , defeating enemies grants the player hearts , the game 's currency .
The Martin government did not accept this interpretation and argued that vote had been on a procedural motion , although they also indicated that they would bring forward their revised budget for a confidence vote the following week . Ultimately , the effort to bring down the Government failed following the decision of Conservative MP Belinda Stronach to cross the floor to the Liberal Party . The vote on the NDP amendment to the budget tied , and with the Speaker of the House voting to continue debate , the Liberals stayed in power . At the time , some considered the matter to be a constitutional crisis .
He did not secure any further academic advancement : he hoped to be appointed Camden Professor of Ancient History on the death or resignation of Degory Wheare ( the first professor ) . According to Twyne , Camden promised this to him in a conversation in 1623 , and a patent sealed by Camden in March of that year to this effect was read out to the university 's governing body in January 1624 . Camden , however , wrote to Wheare shortly after the patent was signed and said that he had been tricked by some " foul play " and did not intend to appoint Twyne .
The west façade of the chapel was later demolished and the chancel arch was built up to form a new one with a Gibbs surround . A bell turret was added c . 1805 . On the north and south sides of the chapel are two transeptal , semi octagonal bays . Although repairs to the chapel were carried out by the last Baron Hylton and the successive owners in the 19th century , it fell into disrepair until , like the castle , it was taken over by the state in 1950 . The castle and chapel have been Grade I listed buildings since 1949 and form a Scheduled Ancient Monument under the care of English Heritage , who took over the site in 1984 , although Sunderland City Council own the land .
These are rated by how much clamping force they can apply . Typical ratings are between 400 and 4,000 st ( 2,500 and 25,400 kg ) . Hot chamber die casting , also known as gooseneck machines , rely upon a pool of molten metal to feed the die . At the beginning of the cycle the piston of the machine is retracted , which allows the molten metal to fill the " gooseneck " . The pneumatic- or hydraulic powered piston then forces this metal out of the gooseneck into the die . The advantages of this system include fast cycle times ( approximately 15 cycles a minute ) and the convenience of melting the metal in the casting machine .
In both 2005 and 2007 , only two preseason selections made the regular season team . Harris opened the 2008 – 09 Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball season with a career high 30 points in a 77 – 55 victory over Michigan Tech on November 11 . The following night in the second game of the Coaches vs. cancer classic , Harris nearly posted a triple double when he posted 26 points , and career highs with 10 rebounds and 8 assists in a 76 – 56 win against Northeastern University . This quick start earned Harris the November 17 , 2008 Big Ten Player of the Week Award .
" A day after the original broadcast , BuddyTV 's Dahl claimed that " [ the audience is ] on an epic journey , one that has been as entertaining and engrossing as any TV series has ever been " . In contrast , TV Guide 's Michael Ausiello of said that it " was thirty one flavors of awesome ... [ however ] the negatives outweighed the positives " . He had problems with Claire 's lack of grief for Charlie Pace 's ( Dominic Monaghan ) death and Jack waiting so long to find out the freighter folk 's main objective .
Cruz had a three year relationship with Tom Cruise after they appeared together in Vanilla Sky . It ended in January 2004 . In April 2003 , she filed a lawsuit against the Australian magazine New Idea for defamation over an article about her relationship with Cruise . Cruz is a friend of Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar , whom she has known for more than two decades and with whom she has worked on films . She is known to friends as Pe . Cruz owns a clothing store in Madrid and designed jewelry and handbags with her younger sister for a company in Japan .
All of those elements work together ... to create this version that you see in the episode . " The episode was shot through special lenses to make it more reminiscent of the decade . At Peter 's funeral , actress Blair Brown wanted her character Nina Sharp to wear sunglasses , because she thought Nina would not share her emotions at the funeral . Unlike Noble , Brown wore a wig . The scenes at Reiden Lake were actually shot on a parking lot , and the crew placed a covering over it to simulate the cracks normally on a lake .
French losses were also comparatively light , with only 9 dead and 15 wounded on Vénus and none at all on Victor . Rowley repaired Ceylon and restored Gordon in command . Vénus was also repaired , and entered British service as HMS Nereide to replace the Nereide lost at Grand Port . Nearly four decades later the battle was among the actions recognised by the clasps " BOADICEA 18 SEPT . 1810 " , " OTTER 18 SEPT . 1810 " and " STAUNCH 18 SEPT . 1810 " attached to the Naval General Service Medal , awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847 .
The event , thought to be the cause of the Martian hemispheric dichotomy , created the smooth Borealis basin that covers 40 % of the planet . The geological history of Mars can be split into many periods , but the following are the three primary periods : Noachian period ( named after Noachis Terra ) : Formation of the oldest extant surfaces of Mars , 4.5 billion years ago to 3.5 billion years ago . Noachian age surfaces are scarred by many large impact craters . The Tharsis bulge , a volcanic upland , is thought to have formed during this period , with extensive flooding by liquid water late in the period .
Altering the difficulty of the Noise and the amount of health for Neku and his partner also alter the benefits conferred . Each district has fashion trends that affect gameplay . By wearing pins or clothing from the more popular brands in that district , items ' effects will be improved ; wearing the least fashionable items will do the opposite , and items from brands in between are not affected . However , the player can increase a brand 's popularity in one district by repeatedly fighting battles in that district while wearing items of that brand . The player can enter shops to buy new pins , clothes , and food items that are gradually consumed during battles to improve the characters ' basic attributes .
James , Ioan ( 2002 ) , Remarkable Mathematicians from Euler to von Neumann , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , ISBN 0 521 81777 3 . Kimberling , Clark ( 1981 ) , " Emmy Noether and Her Influence " , in Brewer , James W ; Smith , Martha K , Emmy Noether : A Tribute to Her Life and Work , New York : Marcel Dekker , pp. 3 – 61 , ISBN 0 8247 1550 0 . Lam , Tsit Yuen ( 1981 ) , " Representation Theory " , in Brewer , James W ; Smith , Martha K , Emmy Noether : A Tribute to Her Life and Work , New York : Marcel Dekker , pp. 145 – 56 , ISBN 0 8247 1550 0 .
Crosby won the Mark Messier Leadership Award , getting recognized as a ' superior leader within the sport , setting a positive example through on ice performance , motivation of team members and a dedication to the community ' . This was the second time he had received this honour , the other being in January 2007 , during the award 's first year when it was presented monthly . Crosby 's Penguins were defeated in the second round of the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs , losing to the Montreal Canadiens in seven games . Crosby had 19 points in 13 games in the playoffs , though through seven games against the Canadiens he had only 1 goal and 4 assists for a total of 5 points .
The majority of the gun platform collapsed into the sea as the cliffs eroded . It is uncertain precisely when this occurred ; in a prolonged historical debate over this during the late 19th and early 20th centuries , the historian Henry Symonds argued that the first falls occurred during the 18th century , W. Norman placed the main fall in 1835 , and T. Groves argued in favour of a more recent collapse in the second half of the 19th century . The ruined castle was drawn and painted by various artists in the 18th and 19th centuries , including Samuel Buck , J. H. Grimm , C. Sawyer and Edward Pritchard .
The film 's visual effects saw breakthroughs in computer generated imagery , including the first use of natural human motion for a computer generated character and the first partially computer generated main character . Terminator 2 was a critical and commercial success and influenced popular culture , especially the use of visual effects in films . It received many accolades , including four Academy Awards for Best Sound Editing , Best Sound Mixing , Best Makeup , and Best Visual Effects . The highest grossing film of 1991 and Schwarzenegger 's career , Terminator 2 has since been ranked by several publications such as the American Film Institute as one of the greatest action films , science fiction films and sequels of all time .
Fearing the consequences were he to be caught with an unconscious woman whom he had treated in such a manner , Thornton threw her into the pit , where she drowned . At that time , defence counsel were not permitted to address the jury , and the matter proceeded with the prosecution case . A number of witnesses , including Hannah Cox , testified to the events of the evening of 26 May and of the following morning . The first witnesses to attract significant cross examination by William Reader , Thornton 's barrister , were the two factory workers , William Lavell and Joseph Bird , who had matched Thornton 's shoes to the footprints in the harrowed field .
Rubble masonry was the quickest and cheapest for construction , and had the largest tolerances . Many of the oldest stone bridges in Pennsylvania were built using rubble masonry techniques . Stone bridge construction started with the excavation of foundations for the abutments . Then a temporary structure known as a center or centering would be built of wood or iron . This structure supported the stone arch during construction . Once the stone arch was built , the spandrel walls and wing walls could be added . Then the road bed was built , with fill ( loose stones or dirt ) added to support it as needed .
In the first step , a reaction between phenylacetone and formamide , either using additional formic acid or formamide itself as a reducing agent , yields N formylamphetamine . This intermediate is then hydrolyzed using hydrochloric acid , and subsequently basified , extracted with organic solvent , concentrated , and distilled to yield the free base . The free base is then dissolved in an organic solvent , sulfuric acid added , and amphetamine precipitates out as the sulfate salt . A number of chiral resolutions have been developed to separate the two enantiomers of amphetamine . For example , racemic amphetamine can be treated with d tartaric acid to form a diastereoisomeric salt which is fractionally crystallized to yield dextroamphetamine .
" Grant reluctantly settled into a siege . On May 25 , Lt. Col. John A. Rawlins issued Special Orders No. 140 for Grant : " Corps Commanders will immediately commence the work of reducing the enemy by regular approaches . It is desirable that no more loss of life shall be sustained in the reduction of Vicksburg , and the capture of the Garrison . Every advantage will be taken of the natural inequalities of the ground to gain positions from which to start mines , trenches , or advance batteries . ... " Grant wrote in his memoirs , " I now determined upon a regular siege — to ' out camp the enemy , ' as it were , and to incur no more losses .
In 1901 , while serving on Ringarooma in New Zealand , he volunteered to join Scott 's 1901 – 04 Discovery Expedition to Antarctica , thus beginning his exploring career . After his Terra Nova experience , Crean 's third and final Antarctic venture was as second officer on Ernest Shackleton 's Imperial Trans Antarctic Expedition , on Endurance . After Endurance became beset in the pack ice and sank , Crean and the ship 's company spent months drifting on the ice before a journey in boats to Elephant Island . He was a member of the crew which made an open boat journey of 800 nautical miles ( 1,500 km ) from Elephant Island to South Georgia , to seek aid for the stranded party .
He wants to do the sequel justice and he really gets what we ’ re trying to do . " Although much of the first film 's cast returned for the sequel , Anne Hathaway was replaced by Hayden Panettiere in the role of Red and Jim Belushi was replaced by Martin Short in the role of Kirk , the Woodsman . Kanbar Entertainment initially intended to finance production of the sequel independently as it had done with the first film , but entered into a co financing agreement proposed by The Weinstein Company . The film was initially scheduled to be released on January 15 , 2010 , but in December 2009 , The Weinstein Company postponed the film 's release date indefinitely .
Burnham instantly fled and he had almost escaped when his horse was shot and fell , knocking him senseless and pinning him under its dead body . It was night and he was already far away when his horse was shot , so the Boer troopers apparently did not check to see if Burnham had been injured or killed . When he awoke hours later , Burnham was alone and in a dazed state having sustained serious injuries . In spite of his acute agony , Burnham proceeded to creep back to the railway , placed his charges , and blew up the line in two places .
The area that is now Sabah came under British control as North Borneo when both the Sultan of Brunei and the Sultan of Sulu transferred their respective territorial rights of ownership , between 1877 and 1878 . In 1842 , Sarawak was ceded by the Sultan of Brunei to James Brooke , whose successors ruled as the White Rajahs over an independent kingdom until 1946 , when it became a crown colony . In the Second World War , the Japanese Army invaded and occupied Malaya , North Borneo , Sarawak , and Singapore for over three years . During this time , ethnic tensions were raised and nationalism grew .
It will put a very strong lever into the hands of the well meaning idealists who are to be found in almost every Government , who deprecate expenditure on armaments , and , in the course of time , it will almost certainly result in this country being caught at a disadvantage . The Foreign Office minister Sir Eyre Crowe also wrote a memorandum to the British cabinet claiming that " a solemn league and covenant " would just be " a treaty , like other treaties " . " What is there to ensure that it will not , like other treaties , be broken ?
All the characters were created with 3D face scans . Alien : Isolation runs on an entirely new engine that was built from scratch by the Creative Assembly . The new engine allowed the development team to accommodate technical aspects like the game 's atmospheric and lighting effects as well as the alien 's behavioural design . The alien itself was designed to look similar to H. R. Giger 's original design for the creature from the film , including the skull underneath its semitransparent head . However , the designers did alter its humanoid legs with recurved ones to provide the alien a walk cycle that would hold up to scrutiny during longer encounters with the player .
This led Tweedy to reflect upon his future in the town : he knew that he would have to leave when he grew up because it was too small . The album was recorded by TJ Doherty at The Loft in Irving Park , Chicago , where Tweedy had recorded Loose Fur 's Born Again in the USA and most of Wilco 's Yankee Hotel Foxtrot . In an interview with Billboard , the band revealed that the album would be less experimental than the two previous albums and more influenced by The Beatles , The Beach Boys , and The Rolling Stones .
" Eaten Alive premiered on December 7 , 2014 , kicking off a special week of programming on Discovery Channel known as " Mega Week " , which the network promoted as a " weeklong celebration of all things Discovery . " The special was seen by 4.1 million viewers , making it Discovery Channel 's highest rated nature program since Life in 2010 . It was also the second most popular television program of the night on social media , behind Sunday Night Football . Prior to the broadcast , alongside similar concerns for the well being of the snake , Laura Bradley of Slate argued that Eaten Alive was a further example of Discovery Channel 's recent uses of sensationalism and pseudoscience to attract viewers , as opposed to airing content that is legitimately educational .
Black Mask ( also voiced by North ) , Killer Croc ( Steven Blum ) , and Freeze 's wife , Nora Fries , make cameo appearances in the game . The events of Arkham City are set one year after Batman : Arkham Asylum . Quincy Sharp , the asylum 's erstwhile director , has taken sole credit for halting the Joker 's armed siege , using this distinction to become mayor of Gotham City . Declaring both the asylum and Blackgate Penitentiary no longer suitable to contain the city 's detainees , Sharp 's administration orders both facilities closed and he purchases Gotham 's most notorious slums , converting them into an immense prison enclosure known as Arkham City .
" This idea was used for the second season episode , " Phineas and Ferb 's Quantum Boogaloo . " " It 's About Time ! " featured two different musical numbers , entitled " My Nemesis " and " When We Didn 't Get Along . " During the storyboard stage , a note was simply made indicating that a song would be placed at a certain point in a sequence . As with most songs in the series , they were each written by series co founders Povenmire and Jeff " Swampy " Marsh over the course of approximately one hour .
The Demon Blade received critical acclaim , garnering a score of 81 / 100 on Metacritic based on 58 critic reviews . In its review , Famitsu praised the art style , and called the battle system " absorbing " . Their main complaints were the lack of variety between characters and the story having no proper climax . Destructoid 's Conrad Zimmerman called it " a very solid title " , saying that while flawed in its story delivery and instances of repetition , its visuals were " absolutely beautiful " and it proved fun to play . IGN 's Mark Bozon was highly positive about the graphics and sound , but thought the backtracking might put some people off and said the story " may go over people ’ s heads " .
The German forces captured millions of Soviet prisoners who were not granted protections stipulated in the Geneva Conventions . Most of them never returned alive ; Germany deliberately starved the prisoners to death as part of a " Hunger Plan " that aimed to reduce the population of Eastern Europe and then re populate it with ethnic Germans . Over a million Soviet Jews were murdered by Einsatzgruppen death squads and gassing as part of the Holocaust . As early as 1925 , Adolf Hitler vaguely declared in his political manifesto and autobiography Mein Kampf that he would invade the Soviet Union , asserting that the German people needed to secure Lebensraum ( " living space " ) to ensure the survival of Germany for generations to come .
Gates tapped Kościuszko to survey the country between the opposing armies , choose the most defensible position , and fortify it . Finding just such a position near Saratoga , overlooking the Hudson at Bemis Heights , Kościuszko laid out a strong array of defenses , nearly impregnable from any direction . His judgment and meticulous attention to detail frustrated the British attacks during the Battle of Saratoga , and Gates accepted the surrender of Burgoyne 's force there on October 16 , 1777 . The dwindling British army had been dealt a sound defeat , turning the tide to an American advantage .
He had a 4 – 7 record for Dover . Ruffing made his major league debut with the Red Sox on May 31 , 1924 . He pitched without earning a decision in over 23 innings pitched , and had a 6.65 earned run average ( ERA ) . He saw regular playing time with the Red Sox over the next few years but had limited success . He had a 9 – 18 win loss record with a 5.01 ERA in the 1925 season , as the Red Sox finished in last place in the eight team American League ( AL ) .
The resultant massive explosion shattered windows along Bay Street in Nassau roughly 30 miles away . Stears went on to win an Academy Award for his work on Thunderball . As the filming neared its conclusion , Connery had become increasingly agitated with press intrusion and was distracted with difficulties in his marriage of 32 months to actress Diane Cilento . Connery refused to speak to journalists and photographers who followed him in Nassau stating his frustration with the harassment that came with the role ; " I find that fame tends to turn one from an actor and a human being into a piece of merchandise , a public institution .
Depending on the person , activities may include resistance training , walking , swimming , yoga , tai chi , and others . Determining an appropriate and safe exercise program is challenging and must be carefully individualized to each person being sure to account for all contraindications and precautions . An elevated core temperature , leading to increased symptom presentation has been noted during exercise , due to variations in circadian body temperature throughout the day , and due to heat exposure including warm temperatures , warm showers , sun bathing , etc . Care should be taken not to overheat a person with MS during the course of exercise .
Until 1919 , the UFA 's political activities were limited to advocacy , but that year it decided to run candidates in the 1921 provincial election . Despite Brownlee 's burgeoning interest in politics , he did not view himself as part of the UFA 's political branch , and did not run as a candidate ; indeed , he was on vacation in Victoria , British Columbia , for most of the campaign . The UFA contested the election without a leader , so when it won 38 of the 61 seats in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta it did not know who it would recommend to form a government as Premier of Alberta .
The wire ran along the wall of the old tunnel , on brackets in the roof of the new tunnel , and was supported by poles at the open air stations . The electricity was supplied by an electrical substation built by English Electric , inside the tunnel near the lower end . Construction work began on 2 May 1936 . The company hoped to have the line open in time to serve the large crowds expected on the August Bank Holiday , leading to a very tight construction deadline of three months . To try to meet the deadline , construction work was carried out both day and night .
The Dandie Dinmont Terrier has a similar body shape to the Skye Terrier , but the Skye 's coat is thicker and longer . The coat comes in two colour ranges , either " pepper " or " mustard " . Pepper ranges from a dark blueish black through to a very light silvery gray , while the mustard can vary from reddish browns to a fawn where the head appears to be almost white . Typically , the legs and feet are of a darker colour with the lighter colour on the body slowly blending into that on the legs .
The ADF 's current priorities are set out in the 2016 Defence White Paper , which identifies three main areas of focus . The first of these is to defend Australia from direct attack or coercion . The second priority is to contribute to the security of South East Asia and the South Pacific . The third priority is to contribute to stability across the Indo Pacific region and a " rules based global order which supports our interests " . The white paper states that the government will place equal weight on the three priorities when developing the ADF 's capabilities .
Compounding Edward 's difficulties were the deaths of his most trusted men , some from the 1361 – 62 recurrence of the plague . William Montague , Earl of Salisbury , Edward 's companion in the 1330 coup , died as early as 1344 . William de Clinton , who had also been with the king at Nottingham , died in 1354 . One of the earls created in 1337 , William de Bohun , Earl of Northampton , died in 1360 , and the next year Henry of Grosmont , perhaps the greatest of Edward 's captains , succumbed to what was probably plague .
" Two other early White Mountain painters were the Massachusetts artists Alvan Fisher ( 1792 – 1863 ) and Thomas Doughty ( 1793 – 1856 ) . The works of these early artists depicted dramatic landscapes and man ’ s relative insignificance compared to nature . " Fisher 's turbulent view [ of The Notch ] also emphasizes the power of the mountains and the fragility of human enterprise . " These paintings helped to promote the region at a time when the White Mountains were an unknown wilderness . Beginning in the 1830s , the landscape painters of the Hudson River School " sought to define America and what it was to be an American .
Dora dissipated late on the following day , while situated several hundred miles east of Wake Island . A tropical wave crossed Central America between July 28 and July 29 , before entering the Pacific Ocean and slowly organizing . After the cloud pattern consolidated , it is estimated that Tropical Depression Eight E developed at 0600 UTC on August 6 , while located about 975 miles ( 1,569 km ) southwest of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . Twelve hours later , the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Eugene . It continued to deepen , reaching hurricane status late on August 8 .
Another potential problem that arises at the interface between wheel and axle ( or axle and body ) is the ability of an organism to transfer materials across this interface . If the tissues that make up a wheel are living , they will need to be supplied with oxygen and nutrients and have wastes removed in order to sustain metabolism . A typical animal circulatory system , composed of blood vessels , would not be able to provide transportation across the interface . In the absence of circulation , oxygen and nutrients would need to diffuse across the interface , a process that would be greatly limited by the available partial pressure and surface area , in accordance with Fick 's law of diffusion .
It is approximately 14.5 miles ( 23.3 km ) long and flows through Harveys Lake , Lake Township , Lehman Township , Jackson Township , and Plymouth Township . The creek 's watershed has an area of 46.3 square miles ( 120 km2 ) . The creek has four named tributaries , which are known as Bear Hollow Creek , Paint Spring Run , Pikes Creek , and East Fork Harveys Creek . The watershed is designated as a High Quality Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery above Pikes Creek and as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery below it .
This is called theistic innatism — the notion that all people believe in God from birth ; within this view was the connotation that atheists are simply in denial . There is also a position claiming that atheists are quick to believe in God in times of crisis , that atheists make deathbed conversions , or that " there are no atheists in foxholes " . There have however been examples to the contrary , among them examples of literal " atheists in foxholes " . Some atheists have doubted the very need for the term " atheism " . In his book Letter to a Christian Nation , Sam Harris wrote : In fact , " atheism " is a term that should not even exist .
Mahmudullah was caught in the slips just after reaching his half century , and his captain Shakib Al Hasan followed before the end of the day . Iqbal was dismissed in the third over of the following day , and nine overs later Shahadat Hossain was also dismissed , leaving Bangladesh 416 runs behind with only three wickets remaining . Thoughts of a quick victory were quashed by a Bangladesh record partnership for the eighth wicket by Rahim and Naeem Islam , who added 113 runs together . Rahim played defiantly , batting for 152 balls to reach score his 79 runs , and was described by ESPNcricinfo 's Andrew McGlashan as a " lesson to the more impetuous of his team mates " .
Alongside her Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress , Moore was nominated at the Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards , and several critics groups named her a winner . Moore followed her success in Boogie Nights with a role in the Coen brothers ' dark comedy The Big Lebowski ( 1998 ) . The film was not a hit at the time of release but subsequently became a cult classic . Her role was Maude Lebowski , a feminist artist and daughter of the eponymous character who becomes involved with " The Dude " ( Jeff Bridges , the film 's star ) .
First released in October 2008 , the Dream was the first commercially released device to use the Linux based Android operating system , which was purchased and further developed by Google and the Open Handset Alliance to create an open competitor to other major smartphone platforms of the time , such as Symbian operating system , BlackBerry OS , and iOS . The operating system offers a customizable graphical user interface , integration with Google services such as Gmail , a notification system that shows a list of recent messages pushed from apps , and Android Market for downloading additional apps .
He is considered as one of the best players to ever play for the club and played , both , as a defender and midfielder . In his last couple of seasons he was also team captain . Balajić earned a total of 229 official appearances for the club , scoring 37 goals in the process . He played his last match with the club on 7 July 2005 , in a friendly match against his former club Hajduk Split . He started the match and was then substituted after 19 minutes of play in a symbolic gesture . The Purple warrior ( Vijoličasti bojevnik or Vijol 'čni bojevnik ) , is a trophy awarded to the most distinguished player in the past year .
Clemmons was arrested on July 1 , 2009 , after he appeared in a Pierce County court trying to have his bench warrant thrown out . He was charged with second degree rape of a child , as well as being a fugitive from Arkansas . At the time of his arrest , Clemmons made religiously themed comments and referred to himself as " the beast " . He also told a police officer that President Barack Obama and LeBron James were his brothers , and Oprah Winfrey was his sister . Pierce County prosecutors asserted that Clemmons ' recent crimes amounted to a violation of Clemmons ' parole in Arkansas , and that he faced years in prison if he was returned to the state .
On June 21 , 2011 , a Paris court ruled in Lee and On My Own 's favor , believing that TF1 failed to honor the contract , which proved " disastrous " for the film . TF1 was fined € 32 million ( US $ 46 million ) . TF1 was ordered to pay On My Own € 20 million in damages , plus a further € 1 million for moral prejudice ; Lee was awarded € 1 million , while screenwriter James McBride received € 200,000 ; TF1 was also ordered to pay € 13 million to BNP Paribas to cover the advance it had failed to pay .
As of 2010 , those of African ancestry accounted for 31.0 % of Fort Lauderdale 's population , which includes African Americans . Out of the 31.0 % , 10.0 % were West Indian or Afro Caribbean American ( 6.4 % Haitian , 2.5 % Jamaican , 0.4 % Bahamian , 0.2 % Other or Unspecified West Indian , 0.2 % British West Indian , 0.1 % Trinidadian and Tobagonian , 0.1 % Barbadian ) , 0.6 % were Black Hispanics , and 0.5 % were Subsaharan African . As of 2010 , those of ( non Hispanic white ) European ancestry accounted for 52.5 % of Fort Lauderdale 's population .
Although he remained on cordial terms with Senator Seward , Greeley never seriously considered supporting him in his bid for the Republican nomination for president . Instead , during the run up to the 1860 Republican National Convention in Chicago , he pressed the candidacy of former Missouri representative Edward Bates , an opponent of the spread of slavery who had freed his own slaves . In his newspaper , in speeches , and in conversation , Greeley pushed Bates as a man who could win the North and even make inroads in the South . Nevertheless , when one of the dark horse candidates for the Republican nomination , Abraham Lincoln , came to New York to give an address at Cooper Union , Greeley urged his readers to go hear Lincoln , and was among those who accompanied him to the platform .
Born in Los Angeles , California , Bruce graduated from Hollywood High School , at the age of 16 and then from Pomona College with a double major in history and government . He completed a law degree from the University of Southern California 's Gould School of Law in 1973 , and worked as a Los Angeles County deputy district attorney from 1973 to 1979 , resigning amid frustration with the court system . In 1980 , Bruce ran a largely self financed campaign for the California State Assembly , running in the Democratic Primary for the 38th Assembly district , which , at that time , centered on Pacific Palisades and Malibu .
Although columnist Andrew Sullivan noted that he had little leisure time at his disposal for contemplation compared with when he grew up , the anecdotes provided by journalists that indicated a deficiency in the capacity to contemplate were described only in the context of third parties , such as columnist Margaret Wente 's anecdote about how one consultant had found a growing tendency in her clients to provide ill considered descriptions for their technical problems . Columnist Leonard Pitts of The Miami Herald described his difficulty sitting down to read a book , in which he felt like he " was getting away with something , like when you slip out of the office to catch a matinee " .
If this theory is valid , Louis 's and his wife 's first child was stillborn . Their next child , Catherine , was born in 1370 and died in 1378 . The next daughter , Mary , who would succeed Louis in Hungary , was born in 1371 . Louis 's youngest daughter , Hedwig , who was born in 1373 , became queen regnant of Poland . Louis was the only Hungarian monarch to receive the epithet " Great " . He was mentioned under this byname not only in Hungarian chronicles in the 14th and 15th centuries , but also in a 17th century genealogy of the Capetians .
The onslaught of Hurricane Gonzalo in October 2014 prompted a catastrophe modeller to revisit Fabian 's destruction , concluding that had it struck in 2014 , it would have caused around $ 650 million in damage . Due to the damage and deaths on Bermuda , the name Fabian was retired in the spring of 2004 and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane . As a result , the Bermuda Weather Service allowed residents to suggest a replacement name , with the only rule being the name had to be a male name beginning with the letter " F " , able to be easily pronounced , and not currently in use .
Soon afterwards , he applied for the managerial post at former club Brighton & Hove Albion , then in the Second Division , but was unsuccessful . A broken arm suffered in August 1961 forced McNichol to miss a Palace match for the first time in a three and a half year club career . He played on for two seasons , but his professional career was brought to a close by facial injuries , a fractured cheekbone and broken jaw , sustained during the 1962 – 63 season . In all competitions , he scored 15 goals from 205 appearances .
The cracking of the crust was caused by the global expansion of Titania by about 0.7 % . The presence of carbon dioxide on the surface suggests that Titania may have a tenuous seasonal atmosphere of CO2 , much like that of the Jovian moon Callisto . Other gases , like nitrogen or methane , are unlikely to be present , because Titania 's weak gravity could not prevent them from escaping into space . At the maximum temperature attainable during Titania 's summer solstice ( 89 K ) , the vapor pressure of carbon dioxide is about 300 μPa ( 3 nbar ) .
Further changes were made for the Paris premiere in 1894 , which are also inadequately documented . Ricordi attempted to keep up with the changes , issuing new edition after new edition , but the orchestral and piano scores were often mutually contradictory . The Verdi scholar James Hepokoski considers that a definitive score of the opera is impossible , leaving companies and conductors to choose between a variety of options . In a 2013 study Philip Gossett disagrees , believing that the autograph is essentially a reliable source , augmented by contemporary Ricordi editions for the few passages that Verdi omitted to amend in his own score .
The 4th Squadron , leading , covered the first ten miles ( 16 km ) , reaching Kh Fusail and then Tel Es Ed Dhiab , with no opposition . They encountered a Turkish defence line at the Mafid Jozeleh bridge , which was captured along with twenty prisoners and two machine guns . That night the infantry were left guarding the bridge , while the NZMRB continued advancing north to secure an important bridge at Damieh , cutting the Nablus road . At midnight the regiment , supported by a section of the brigade machine gun squadron , set out again , leading the brigade along the Jericho Beisan road .
his style resembled that of his earlier series , You 're Under Arrest , and as such lacked the polish that became evident in his later work . However , as his style evolved it became more refined , as seen in works such as those collected in Childhood 's End . As part of this process the depictions of Belldandy within the manga have undergone change , with the later drawings displaying greater refinement than those in the earlier chapters . Nevertheless , it did not take long for Fujishima 's style to emerge : while still considered to be one of his earlier works , in the " Terrible Master Urd " story arc many of his trademarks are already apparent , including the " long flowing , well drawn hair " .
Additionally , prior to Beijing , she had not participated in any Olympic games or event . The preliminary round for the event took place on August 15 , and Virginia Farmer participated in the fourth heat . She finished the race in 28.82 seconds , ranking third behind Swaziland 's Senele Dlamini ( 28.70 seconds ) and ahead of Bolivia 's Katerine Moreno ( 29.05 seconds ) . The leader of Virginia 's heat was Mozambique 's Ximene Gomes ( 28.15 seconds ) . Out of the 92 participating athletes , Farmer ranked 62nd . She also did not progress to later rounds .
Ships designed in this way have been described as ' all big gun mixed calibre ' or later ' semi dreadnoughts ' . Semi dreadnought ships had many heavy secondary guns in wing turrets near the centre of the ship , instead of the small guns mounted in barbettes of earlier pre dreadnought ships . Semi dreadnoughts classes included the British King Edward VII and Lord Nelson ; Russian Andrei Pervozvanny ; Japanese Katori , Satsuma , and Kawachi ; American Connecticut and Mississippi ; French Danton ; Italian Regina Elena ; and Austro Hungarian Radetzky class . The design process for these ships often included discussion of an ' all big gun one calibre ' alternative .
The Giro began with a team time trial on the island of Sardinia . The winning team was Liquigas , but due to unusual stage ending tactics , it was Enrico Gasparotto and not team leader Danilo Di Luca who took the first pink jersey . Gasparotto faced intense questioning from his teammates and the media after not yielding first position to his team 's captain , as is usual practice in a team time trial . Gasparotto yielded the jersey to Di Luca after stage 2 , when Di Luca finished higher placed in the mass finish , but took it back again after stage 3 when he contested the sprint and finished eighth .
The air pump itself is rendered in exquisite detail , a faithful record of the designs in use at the time . What may be a human skull in the large liquid filled glass bowl would not have been a normal piece of equipment ; William Schupbach suggests that it and the candle , which is presumably lighting the bowl from behind , form a vanitas — the two symbols of mortality reflecting the cockatoo 's struggle for life . The powerful central light source creates a chiaroscuro effect . The light illuminating the scene has been described as " so brilliant it could only be the light of revelation " .
In the 1997 sequence , the Vectra was seen overtaking a Leyland Titan bus , before screeching to a halt , and the main sequence starting . The end credits for the series remained the same , but a new version of " Overkill " was used , also composed by Andy Pask and Charlie Morgan . On 6 January 1998 , starting with " Hard Cash " , the third episode of the show 's fourteenth series , the title sequence and theme used for nearly ten years were scrapped . This time , the title sequence consisted of various police procedural images , including a suspect being shown into a police cell , another suspect being interviewed , and a third posing for mug shot photographs .
Some devices featured slideout keyboards , while others featured minimal face buttons . Microsoft 's work on handheld portable devices began with research projects in 1990 , with the work on Windows CE beginning in 1992 . Initially , the OS and the user interface were developed separately . With Windows CE being based on Windows 95 code and a separate team handing the user interface which was codenamed WinPad ( later Microsoft At Work for Handhelds ) . Windows 95 had strong pen support making porting easy ; with some saying " At this time , Windows 95 offers outstanding pen support .
The Archbishop of Canterbury lifts St Edward 's Crown from the high altar , sets it back down , and says a prayer : " Oh God , the crown of the faithful ; bless we beseech thee and sanctify this thy servant our king / queen , and as thou dost this day set a crown of pure gold upon his / her head , so enrich his / her royal heart with thine abundant grace , and crown him / her with all princely virtues through the King Eternal Jesus Christ our Lord . Amen " . The Dean of Westminster picks up the crown and he , the archbishop and several other high ranking bishops proceed to the Coronation Chair where the crown is handed back to the archbishop , who reverently places it on the monarch 's head .
While the eastern and western facades are older than most of the rest of the building , their third level has Solomonic columns which are associated with the Baroque period . All the high reliefs of the portals of the cathedral were inspired by the work of Flemish painter Peter Paul Rubens . The bell towers are the work of Xalapan artist José Damián Ortiz de Castro . They are capped with bell shaped roofs made of tezontle covered in chiluca , a white stone . Ortiz de Castro was in charge of the cathedral 's construction in the latter half of the 18th century until he died , unexpectedly .
The album begins with a skit featuring American comedian George Lopez , in which Santos confesses his " sins " about his fortune and fame to a priest played by Lopez . The first song " La Diabla " ( " She Devil " ) is a bachata track about a man who regrets making a deal with a she devil after losing the game of love . The third song , " Que Se Mueran " ( " Let Them Die " ) , attacks the public for their criticism of the age difference between lovers . " Mi Santa " ( " My Saint " ) incorporates elements of bachata and flamenco , and features Spanish guitarist Tomatito .
Pope Boniface annulled the decisions of the commission in 1401 , after the convent appealed to him , but the papal sentences were ignored by Despenser . Eventually the monks came to terms with the bishop and accepted a loss of their autonomy . Since 1381 , there had been a growing fear of Lollardy among the English political elite . The Lollards had first appeared in the 1370s and had briefly found favour with the upper classes , but in 1382 power was given for the authorities to detain heretics and examine them in a Church court . During the second half of his reign Richard II became steadily more determined to maintain religious orthodoxy and acted increasingly harshly to suppress the Lollards .
Conversely , HD 45364 is a star 107 light years distant that is a little smaller and cooler than the Sun , of spectral type G8V , which has two planets discovered in 2008 . With orbital periods of 228 and 342 days , the planets have a 3 : 2 orbital resonance , which helps stabilise the system . HD 47186 is another sunlike star with two planets ; the inner — HD 47186 b — takes four days to complete an orbit and has been classified as a Hot Neptune , while the outer — HD 47186 c — has an eccentric 3.7 year period orbit and has a similar mass to Saturn .
These changes , however , were met with negative reception from fans , who criticized the game for offering less freedom . This ultimately led to Capcom recognizing the theme of insanity as the hallmark of the series and using it as a focus for future Marvel vs. Capcom installments . The critical reception of Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter was generally positive to mixed . Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot praised the Sega Saturn port for its gameplay , character roster , graphics , sprite animations , and additional RAM support , labeling it an " arcade perfect conversion " .
Notes printed before November 2003 bear the signature of the first president of the European Central Bank , Wim Duisenberg , who was replaced on 1 November 2003 by Jean Claude Trichet , whose signature appears on issues from November 2003 to March 2012 . Notes issued after March 2012 bear the signature of the third president of the European Central Bank , incumbent Mario Draghi . Until now there has been only one series of euro notes , however a new series , similar to the current one , is planned to be released . The European Central Bank will , in due time , announce when banknotes from the first series lose legal tender status .
The club was not able to put on its first exhibition until December 18 when it moved to a location with exhibition space . The club 's early gallery spaces were not sufficient to achieve the club 's goals and it agreed to assume cost and selection responsibilities for works in a series of shows at The Arts Club Exhibition Room at the Art Institute of Chicago from 1922 1927 . The club has had eleven Presidents : To become a member of the Arts Club of Chicago , a currently established member of the club must request an application for membership on their behalf .
By the 1820s American ships routinely spent years in the Pacific , making several voyages between various places such as California , Hawaii , the Philippines , and Canton . American ships were usually stocked with a surplus of trade goods intended for trade on the North West Coast . It was always best to get rid of any extra trade goods on the North West Coast , " dumping " them at any price , before leaving . They would use up stowage space that could be used more profitably elsewhere . The HBC therefore faced a major challenge even after they became experienced with the coast 's geography and indigenous peoples .
The Daily Telegraph . Parkinson , Gary ( 25 February 2002 ) . " Equity Groups Make a Play for Boosey " . The Daily Telegraph . Osborne , Alistair ( 30 April 2002 ) . " Boosey & Hawkes in Sale Talks " . The Daily Telegraph . Jay , Adam ( 27 May 2003 ) . " Boosey Stands Firm on EMI Deal " . The Daily Telegraph . Jay , Adam ( 11 September 2003 ) . " Final Notes Sound in Boosey Sale Opera " . The Daily Telegraph . Jay , Adam ( 10 September 2003 ) .
It started at an intersection between US 10 and US 23 in Bridgeport southeast of Saginaw . From there , it ran concurrently along US 10 ( Dixie Highway ) northwesterly into Saginaw . Once in downtown , the business loop turned northward on Washington Street , running parallel to the eastern banks of the Saginaw River through downtown . At the intersection between Washington Avenue , Washington Road and Veterans Memorial Parkway , Bus . US 23 terminated . In 1953 , the initial eastern bypass of Saginaw was built as a two lane highway , and the former routing through downtown was redesignated Bus .
His Jefferson Building ( 1225 19th Street NW ) , built in 1963 , was an eight story glass and marble clad structure that was the first skyscraper in the city to feature a columnless interior . It became home to the upscale The Palm steak restaurant in December 1972 , although building 's exterior reflecting pool and numerous fountains were replaced by a mundane garden and short trees . Later that year , he designed a sister building across the street ( 1234 19th Street NW ) which incorporated solarized glass windows , dark bronze panels , and dark brown aluminum ribbing .
After several months of negotiations , Villa gained permission for a new stand to replace the Witton Lane Stand . The new design meant that the club had to realign Witton Lane and , as a condition of the planning permission , pay £ 600,000 to compulsory purchase the houses along Witton Lane and upgrade the road from a B to an A road , as well as moving its utilities . The stand was fully operational by January 1994 at a cost of £ 5 million with 4,686 seats , which brought Villa Park up to a capacity of 46,005 .
He pitched to a 3 – 5 win – loss record and a 6.11 ERA in nine games pitched on the season . Ruffing retired after the 1947 season . Ruffing finished his career with 273 wins , 225 losses , 1,987 strikeouts and a 3.80 ERA . He also had 16 saves . Ruffing compiled 335 complete games in his 536 games started . Ruffing could also handle the bat very well compared to most other pitchers , hitting 36 home runs and batting .269 in 1,937 career at bats . He hit over .300 in eight different seasons , and was frequently used as a pinch hitter in games he did not pitch .
The siege lasted from September 17 to November 3 , 1775 . After several false starts in early September , the Continental Army established a siege around Fort St. Jean . Beset by illness , bad weather , and logistical problems , they established mortar batteries that were able to penetrate into the interior the fort , but the defenders , who were well supplied with munitions , but not food and other supplies , persisted in their defence , believing the siege would be broken by forces from Montreal under General Guy Carleton . On October 18 , the nearby Fort Chambly fell , and on October 30 , an attempt at relief by Carleton was thwarted .
He judged that had the division been retained , it could have reinforced the Fourteenth Army , making the defence of Imphal and Kohima in 1944 easier . Historian F. W. Perry wrote , " it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the results achieved by the force did not represent an adequate return for the resources invested " . He further argued that the force was too lightly armed to capture strongly held positions or to hold one if captured , and concluded that Special Force " inflicted more damage and disruption on the British Army than it ever did on the Japanese .
During Jahangir 's time and even more frequently under Shah Jahan 's rule this jharokha was used for giving darshan . During Jahangir 's Jharokha Darshan , hanging a string to tie petitions , was also practiced . This was also a Persian system under naushrwan . Jahangir elaborated on this system by adopting a golden chain to tie the petitions but Aurangzeb stopped it . Nur Jahan , Jahangir 's wife , was also known to have sat for the Jharokha Darshan and conducted administrative duty with the common people and hearing their pleas . Jahangir was fully dedicated to the practice and made it a point to conduct the Jharokha Darshan even if he was sick ; he had said " even in the time of weakness I have gone every day to the jharokha , though in great pain and sorrow , according to my fixed custom .
The D class destroyers were initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet upon commissioning , but were transferred to the China Station in 1935 . Like the C class , most were temporarily deployed in the Red Sea when the Italians invaded Abyssinia , but returned to the China Station when that was over . They were still there when the war began , but reinforced the Mediterranean Fleet shortly afterwards . Five ships were transferred to Home Fleet in December 1939 , but Duchess was sunk en route when she was accidentally rammed by the battleship HMS Barham , and Duncan was badly damaged when she collided with a merchant ship , requiring lengthy repairs .
Following the national championship , for the 2005 – 2006 fiscal year , UT also led the nation in royalties from merchandise sales , setting a new national record at $ 8.2 million . These royalties went to the University as a whole , not specifically to the athletics programs . The team topped the merchandise rankings again for the 2006 – 2007 fiscal year . The official website of UT football posted a special logo ( pictured ) proclaiming the Longhorns as the national champions . The logo featured the script " National Champions " centered prominently in the center , with " MACKBROWN TEXASFOOTBALL.COM " in the lower left and " THE OFFICIAL SITE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS LONGHORNS " in the lower right .
After over eight months of working to purchase the franchise , local businessman Bill Sexton withdrew his bid to purchase the Timberwolves in August . However , Glen Taylor later headed a group to purchase the team with the NBA approving the transaction in October 1994 . By 1995 Top Rank would enter involuntary bankruptcy and as a result , the NBA rejected their offer securing the franchise in Minneapolis . In the years following the attempt to relocate the Timberwolves , the New Orleans Regional Basketball Alliance sought to lure an existing franchise to the city . After completion of the New Orleans Arena , the Alliance led efforts to relocate the Vancouver Grizzlies to the city .
" We went to great pains to establish that this is the way a Vulcan woman — a sexy Vulcan woman — would look , " said Mills . Principal photography took place between April 16 , 1991 and September 27 , 1991 , using a mix of fixed sets and on location footage . The production suffered from a lack of available set space because of shortages ; the Starfleet Headquarters set was actually built a few blocks away from Paramount Pictures at the Hollywood Presbyterian Church . Meyer copied a technique used during filming of Citizen Kane , where the filmmakers let the set fall into darkness to save money on construction .
The Northeast Extension was built between 1955 and 1957 and was originally projected to continue past Clarks Summit to the New York border ; however , I 81 was built between these two points instead . Since the extension , I 476 has been the longest auxiliary Interstate Highway in the United States . In fact , it is longer than some mainline interstates such as Interstate 83 in Maryland and Pennsylvania , Interstate 99 in Pennsylvania , Interstate 12 in Louisiana , Interstate 19 in Arizona , Interstate 97 in Maryland , and Interstate 2 in Texas . Additionally , its numbering is unusual since auxiliary interstates beginning in even numbers are typically bypasses or loops rather than spurs .
The convoy was escorted by cruisers North Carolina and Frederick , and destroyers Stevens and Fairfax ; battleship Texas and several other destroyers joined in escort duties for the group for a time . The convoy had a false alarm when a floating barrel was mistaken for submarine , but otherwise uneventfully arrived at Brest on the afternoon of 27 June . Princess Matoika , Covington , Lenape , Rijndam , George Washington , DeKalb , Wilhelmina , and Dante Alighieri left Brest as a group on 30 June . The following evening at 21 : 15 , Covington was torpedoed by U 86 and sank the next afternoon .
Asian elephants have smaller ears , a convex or level back , smoother skin , a horizontal abdomen that occasionally sags in the middle and one extension at the tip of the trunk . The looped ridges on the molars are narrower in the Asian elephant while those of the African are more diamond shaped . The Asian elephant also has dorsal bumps on its head and some patches of depigmentation on its skin . In general , African elephants are larger than their Asian cousins . Swedish zoologist Carl Linnaeus first described the genus Elephas and an elephant from Sri Lanka ( then known as Ceylon ) under the binomial Elephas maximus in 1758 .
The action , later known as the Battle of Shiloh , was the bloodiest of the war to date ; Garfield was exposed to fire for much of the day , but emerged uninjured . Major General Henry W. Halleck , Grant 's superior , took charge of the combined armies and advanced ponderously toward Corinth ; when they arrived , the Confederates had fled . That summer Garfield suffered from jaundice and significant weight loss . He was forced to return home , where his wife nursed him back to health . While he was home , Garfield 's friends worked to gain him the Republican nomination for Congress , although he refused to politick with the delegates .
As a protégé and close companion of Nikita Khrushchev , he travelled with him to United Nations headquarters in 1960 . He acted as a Soviet emissary to Czechoslovakia , East Germany , Canada , and Yugoslavia . Podgorny 's beliefs were strongly influenced by Khrushchev , and under Leonid Brezhnev 's rule , Podgorny was one of the most liberal members within the Soviet leadership , even more liberal than Premier Alexei Kosygin . Podgorny briefly fell out of Khruschev 's favor in 1961 when he blamed bad corn yields in the Ukrainian SSR on " bad weather " .
He spent many years in an orphanage — with his sister , Edith — after his father died . He was known as being very witty and musical throughout his life — he sang and played the banjo — but not as being very dependable . Although always known informally as Alf by his family , he later released a record as Freddie Lennon , and was referenced and quoted in newspapers and media under that name . He married Julia Stanley in 1938 . John was their only child together , but as Alf was often away at sea during World War II , he did not see much of his child during his infancy .
" In that book he dismissed the incident as a " planned experiment " , requested by the ground crew . In subsequent interviews Lovell has acknowledged that the incident was an accident , caused by his mistake . The cruise back to Earth was mostly a time for the crew to relax and monitor the spacecraft . As long as the trajectory specialists had calculated everything correctly , the spacecraft would re enter two and half days after TEI and splashdown in the Pacific . On Christmas afternoon , the crew made their fifth television broadcast . This time they gave a tour of the spacecraft , showing how an astronaut lived in space .
Over two decades the archipelago fleet went through several changes caused by the competition between the Hats and the Caps , the dominant political fractions at the time , and because of rivalries between army and navy . With the parliamentary victory of the Hats in the riksdag of 1769 – 70 and the coup d 'état by Gustav III in 1772 , the archipelago fleet 's status as an independent organization within the army was secured . From 1770 , it was given the Finnish squadron ( Finska eskadern ) based in Sveaborg and in 1777 the galley fleet based in Stockholm was included in the archipelago fleet as the Swedish squadron ( Svenska eskadern ) .
At this point the Qin built a wall around their new territories to defend against the true nomads even further north , incorporating the Wei walls . As a result , an estimated total of 1,775 kilometres ( 1,103 mi ) of Qin walls ( including spurts ) extended from southern Gansu to the bank of the Yellow River in the Jungar Banner , close to the border with Zhao at the time . The walls , known as Changcheng ( 長城 ) – literally " long walls " , but often translated as " Great Wall " – were mostly constructed of tamped earth , with some parts built with stones .
As a way of evaluating and testing the acid response of the stomach to various foods , the doctor would swallow sponges tied to a string , then intentionally regurgitate them to analyze the contents . As a result of these experiments , the doctor eventually regurgitated his meals habitually by reflex . Numerous case reports exist from before the twentieth century , but were influenced greatly by the methods and thinking used in that time . By the early twentieth century , it was becoming increasingly evident that rumination presented itself in a variety of ways in response to a variety of conditions .
Yield is probably related to body weight , as opposed to milking interval . Brown ( 1973 ) gives a venom yield range of 200 – 1000 mg ( of dried venom ) , A range of 200 – 600 mg for specimens 125 – 155 cm in length has also been reported . Spawls and Branch ( 1995 ) state from 5 to 7 ml ( 450 – 600 mg ) of venom may be injected in a single bite . A study by Marsh and Whaler ( 1984 ) reported a maximum yield of 9.7 ml of wet venom , which translated to 2400 mg of dried venom .
Subsequent authors generally accepted Gill 's first revision but not his second , and thus this species became known as Hypoprion hemiodon . In 1985 , Jack Garrick followed up on earlier taxonomic work by Leonard Compagno and synonymized Hypoprion with Carcharhinus . Another common name for the Pondicherry shark is long nosed shark . The evolutionary relationships of the Pondicherry shark are uncertain . In a 1988 study based on morphological data , Compagno tentatively grouped it with the smalltail shark ( C. porosus ) , blackspot shark ( C. sealei ) , spottail shark ( C. sorrah ) , creek whaler ( C. fitzroyensis ) , whitecheek shark ( C. dussumieri ) , Borneo shark ( C. borneensis ) , and hardnose shark ( C. macloti ) .
Dylan 's previously unreleased 1967 recording from which the film takes its name was released for the first time on the film 's original soundtrack ; all other tracks are covers of Dylan songs , specially recorded for the movie by a diverse range of artists , including Sonic Youth , Eddie Vedder , Mason Jennings , Stephen Malkmus , Jeff Tweedy , Karen O , Willie Nelson , Cat Power , Richie Havens , and Tom Verlaine . On October 1 , 2007 , Columbia Records released the triple CD retrospective album Dylan , anthologising his entire career under the Dylan 07 logo .
NWOBHM bands had been touring steadily in the United States , but had not yet received enough FM radio airplay there to make a significant impression on American charts . Def Leppard remedied that , releasing Pyromania at the beginning of 1983 , an album with a more melodic and FM friendly approach in comparison with the more aggressive sound of their earlier music . The band 's goal of reaching a wider international audience , which included many female fans , was attained completely in the US , where Pyromania peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart behind Michael Jackson 's Thriller .
" Former teammate Al Rosen said : " Jackie was a college educated man who had been an officer in the service and who played at the Triple A level . Jackie was brought in by Branch Rickey specifically to be the first black player in major league baseball . Larry Doby came up as a second baseman who didn 't have time to get his full college education , and was forced to play a different position in his first major league season . I think , because of those circumstances , he had a more difficult time than Jackie Robinson .
There are no secondary schools in the island . The nearest are Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester and Thurstable School in Tiptree . The main access to the island is via a causeway known as the Strood , carrying the Mersea – Colchester road ( B1025 ) . The road is often covered at high tides and especially during spring tides . During the 1953 North Sea flood , the Strood was submerged under over 6 feet ( 2 m ) of water , cutting off access to the mainland . In 2012 , West Mersea Lifeboats complained to Essex County Council about the lack of adequate signage after 13 people had to be rescued from the Strood at high tide in less than 24 hours .
At Seney , M 77 crosses a line of the Canadian National Railway and turns east along M 28 . Both run concurrently for less than half a mile ( 0.8 km ) over a crossing of the Fox River before M 77 turns back northward . About 11 miles ( 18 km ) north of Seney , the road turns sharply to the west , near Snyder Lake . The trunkline continues along several other lakes before turning northeasterly and then northward . The road marks the easternmost extent of the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore around 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) south of Grand Marais .
The legislature elected in 1787 cut taxes and placed a moratorium on debts . It also refocused state spending away from interest payments , resulting in a 30 % decline in the value of Massachusetts securities as those payments fell in arrears . Vermont , then an unrecognized independent republic that had been seeking statehood independent from New York 's claims to the territory , became an unexpected beneficiary of the rebellion due to its sheltering of the rebel ringleaders . Alexander Hamilton broke from other New Yorkers , including major landowners with claims on Vermont territory , calling for the state to recognize and support Vermont 's bid for admission to the union .
Sunderland began the new year with a 1 – 0 away loss to Blackburn Rovers on 1 January . Dean Whitehead had the chance to put Sunderland in the lead , but missed his penalty kick . Minutes later , Blackburn won a penalty of their own ; Benni McCarthy converted the penalty before Dwight Yorke was sent off late on . Jonny Evans returned to Sunderland on loan for the second time for the remainder of season from Manchester United . Sunderland met Wigan Athletic in the FA Cup third round as they lost 3 – 0 on 5 January .
To bolster his claims , Strang published translations of two purportedly long lost works : the Voree Record , deciphered from three metal plates reportedly unearthed in response to a vision ; and the Book of the Law of the Lord , supposedly transcribed from the Plates of Laban mentioned in the Book of Mormon . These are accepted as scripture by his followers , but not by any other Latter Day Saint church . Although his long term doctrinal influence on the Latter Day Saint movement was minimal , several early members of Strang 's organization helped to establish the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , which became ( and remains ) the second largest Mormon sect .
Private and public port facilities have existed in both cities since the 17th century , with an increase in shipping after the Albany Basin and Erie Canal were built with public funds in 1825 . The port 's modern name did not come into widespread use until 1925 ; the current port was constructed in 1932 under the governorship of Franklin D. Roosevelt during the Great Depression . It included the largest grain elevator in the world at the time . Today the grain elevator is the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River ; the port has the tallest harbor crane in the state of New York .
They had to be of the rank of Lieutenant Colonel or Post Captain . The number of Companions was not specified , but they had to have received a medal or been mentioned in despatches since the start of the war in 1803 . A list of about 500 names was subsequently published . Two further officers were appointed , an " Officer of arms attendant on the Knights Commanders and Companions " , and a " Secretary appertaining to the Knights Commanders and Companions " The large increase in numbers caused some complaints that such an expansion would reduce the prestige of the Order .
Chicago managed to halt the drive at their own 2 yard line , but Vinatieri kicked his third field goal to make the score 22 – 14 . Chicago tight end John Gilmore picked up Vinatieri 's bouncing kickoff and returned it 9 yards to his own 45 yard line , with an unnecessary roughness penalty on Mathis adding another 15 yards and giving the Bears a first down on the Colts ' 40 yard line . Chicago could only gain 14 yards on their ensuing possession , but it was enough for Robbie Gould to make a 44 yard field goal , cutting the score to 22 – 17 .
" The Getaway " was seen by 54 percent more viewers than the third season finale , " Do You Take Dexter Morgan ? " , which aired on December 14 , 2008 . The high ratings for " The Getaway " gave a boost to the third season finale of Californication , which aired immediately after the Dexter season finale . The Californication episode , Mia Culpa , was seen by 1.1 million households , the highest ever viewership for the series . The episode received critical acclaim and has been cited by many critics as one of the best in the series , with several commentators calling the twist ending shocking , unexpected and likely to change the direction of the entire series .
According to Billboard , from the drumbeat opening of " Addicted to Chaos " to the precise instrumentation of " Train of Consequences " , Megadeth delivered " trademark aggressive rage ' n ' roll to powerful effect " . Billboard noted that even the slower songs such as " A Tout le Monde " were tending towards " lusty explosion " . Authors Pete Prown and Harvey P. Newquist opined that lyrically , Youthanasia contained more thematic variations from Megadeth . They wrote that the record was musically diverse , from the " slow tempo acoustic lines " of " A Tout le Monde " to the " breakneck riffing " of " Train of Consequences " and " Family Tree " .
As part of the resurgence of interest in tap dancing in the 1980s , Sandman Sims served as a cultural ambassador , representing the United States with dance performances around the world . He was featured in the 1989 dance film Tap , along with Sammy Davis Jr . , Gregory Hines and Savion Glover , demonstrating classic challenge dancing . Sims also appeared in a 1990 episode of The Cosby Show as Rudy 's tap dancing teacher , facing off against Cliff ( Bill Cosby ) in a good natured tap challenge . In her review of the play based on his life , New York Times critic Anna Kisselgoff wrote , " Sims is a virtuoso among virtuosos — in a class by himself .
Drogba scored the only goal of the game , which marked Arsenal 's first league defeat against their opponents in ten years . Chelsea also beat Arsenal away from home and went on to retain the Premier League . Whereas Arsenal 's league form was indifferent and the team finished fourth ( outside of the top two for the first time under Wenger ) , their performances in the UEFA Champions League were appreciable . They became the first London team to participate in a European Cup final , though lost 2 – 1 to Barcelona in the Stade de France , Paris .
On 13 July sails appeared to the southeast , Cornwallis assuming they belonged to reinforcements . On investigation , however , this ship proved to be the 40 gun Cybèle and three smaller vessels , carrying supplies and a unit of artillerymen to Pondicherry to reinforce the garrison . On closing with the French frigate , Cornwallis discovered that the East India Company ships supporting his blockade had become scattered and in the delay gathering them Cybèle successfully escaped pursuit . On land , the army at Madras was placed under the command of Colonel John Braithwaite . After assembling his forces at Wallyabad , Braithwaite marched on Pondicherry , occupying Villenore to the southwest and Arian Coupang to the south , cutting off the garrison from the supporting hinterland of the city .
Over the next two months , his average innings pitched declined during his starts , and on several occasions he entered the game in relief . He went winless from June 12 to August 9 , when he defeated the Yankees . He recorded just one more victory in 1958 , and completed the season with an 8 – 9 record , a 4.94 ERA , and 71 strikeouts in a career high 149 ⅓ innings pitched . On February 8 , 1959 , the Red Sox announced that they had Sisler signed for the 1959 season . After what was considered a " disappointing " season , he did not impress with his first outing in spring training , giving up two hits and five bases on balls in just two innings of work .
Also eliminated were both Lotus and the second Sauber of Ericsson . In Q3 , both Mercedes drivers set two consecutive fast laps at the beginning of the session , with Rosberg coming out on top , 0.188s ahead of his teammate . All drivers had problems in improving on their times during the second run of timed laps on fresher tyres . While Hamilton did improve early in the lap , his effort was stopped when he made a mistake at turn twelve . This meant that he was unable to challenge Rosberg for pole position , who qualified first for the fourth race in a row .
The RF grew dissatisfied with Field during late 1963 and early 1964 because of his failure to win independence on Federal dissolution at the end of 1963 . Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland , by contrast , were both independent under black majority governments within a year , respectively renamed Zambia and Malawi . Harper , who had been assigned the additional portfolios of Transport and Power in November 1963 , was one of two frontrunners to replace Field . The other was the Deputy Prime Minister Ian Smith , formerly of the UFP , who was also Minister of the Treasury .
These winds brought dry , dust filled air over the bay with mean particulate matter doubling over the region . On April 26 , the local Department of Meteorology and Hydrology in Myanmar stated that the Ayeyarwady , Bago Region , and Yangon regions were likely to be affected within two days and Rakhine State within three days . Officials began broadcasting storm warning to the public over radio the following day . Evacuations of at risk coastal areas were conducted , though specifics are unknown . Once the storm moved inland , residents across the country were advised of the likelihood of widespread heavy rain from the remnant system .
It ended : " The band will continue to make music . " In June , Johnson announced that AC / DC are " very likely " to be on the road again before the end of 2014 . In July 2014 , AC / DC confirmed that they have finished recording their next album and that Malcolm 's nephew , Stevie Young replaced Malcolm in the studio . Drummer Phil Rudd released his first solo album , Head Job , on 29 August 2014 . He confirmed that there would be another AC / DC tour , and stated that the band had no intention of retiring , adding , " We 'll all have to be dead before it stops .
The following week , Triple H , Orton and Batista reformed Evolution to take on the Shield . Meanwhile , Stephanie McMahon enticed Kane to return to his masked self ; Kane complied and was granted a future title match against Bryan , and proceeded to carry out attacks against Bryan and his wife , Brie Bella . At the Extreme Rules pay per view , the Shield defeated Evolution while Bryan defeated Kane in an Extreme Rules match . John Cena continued to feud with Bray Wyatt over Wyatt capturing Cena 's fanbase . At Extreme Rules , Wyatt defeated Cena in a steel cage match , after interference from the rest of the Wyatt Family and a demonic child .
In the forest in a cottage , a girl named Giselle and her animal friends are making a statue of a prince she dreamed about . Meanwhile , Edward and Nathaniel ( Queen Narissa 's henchman ) successfully capture a troll , ( which is a way to prevent Edward from meeting a girl ) but Edward hears Giselle singing " true love " and rides off to find her . Knowing Narissa 's wishes , Nathaniel sets the troll free to get rid of Giselle , but Edward saves her just in time . When they meet , they instantly fall in love and plan to get married the following day .
The group 's Special Committee on U.S. Route Numbering also approved the creation of a business route for the old highway through town . The bypass opened on October 30 , 2013 , and the business route designation was put into service that day . Major intersections The entire highway is in St. Joseph County . Business US Highway 131 ( Bus . US 131 ) is a three mile long ( 4.8 km ) business loop running through downtown Three Rivers . It follows M 60 ( Michigan Avenue ) eastward from a commercial district on the main highway into downtown .
While moving across New England , Gloria was a weakened hurricane that passed quickly through the area . Though still a large hurricane , Gloria hit at low tide , resulting in low to moderate storm surges of 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) in Groton , Connecticut , 6 feet ( 1.8 m ) in New Bedford , Massachusetts , and 3 feet ( 1 m ) in Portland , Maine . The high waves caused heavy beach erosion in Connecticut and Rhode Island . The highest sustained winds were reports of 83 mph ( 135 km / h ) in Waterbury , Connecticut and Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory in Massachusetts , although neither locations were at sea level .
It is possible that the last common ancestor of the bacteria and archaea was a thermophile , which raises the possibility that lower temperatures are " extreme environments " in archaeal terms , and organisms that live in cooler environments appeared only later . Since the Archaea and Bacteria are no more related to each other than they are to eukaryotes , the term prokaryote 's only surviving meaning is " not a eukaryote " , limiting its value . The following table compares some major characteristics of the three domains , to illustrate their similarities and differences . Many of these characteristics are also discussed below .
The next day , it is revealed Carvier has also been murdered by the Monstrum . Shortly before his death , Von Croy had been in contact with a French businessman and underworld figure , Louis Bouchard . Lara must track down Bouchard through the almost deserted backstreets of Paris , discovering that Bouchard is now in hiding after several of his associates were killed by the Monstrum . When she does locate him , Bouchard reveals Von Croy had contacted him for assistance in breaking into an archaeological dig beneath the Musée du Louvre . Lara gains access to the Louvre through its storm drains , and is able to uncover more information connecting the archaeological dig to the Obscura Paintings .
" I Need a Girl " received positive to mixed reviews , with some critics comparing it to " Can 't Help But Wait " and others noting it as generic . The song peaked at 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 6 on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs . Songz appeared as a featured artist on Drake 's single , " Successful " ; the song peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100 , and was a success on other charts , while reaching at numbers 3 and 2 on the US Top R & B / Hip Hop and Top Rap Songs charts , respectively .
Part one contains a rose garden that allegorically represents potential within human existence . Although the garden does not exist , it is described in realistic manner and is portrayed as an imagined reality . Also , the narrator 's statement that words exist in the mind allows this imagined reality to be shared between the narrator and the reader . This is then destroyed by the narrator claiming that such a place has no purpose . The garden image has other uses within the poem beyond creating a shared imaginative space ; it serves to invoke memories within the poem , and it functions in a similar manner in other works by Eliot , including The Family Reunion .
The invasion was executed by one of the largest armies ever assembled by an English king , comprising Anglo Norman cavalry and Welsh archers and laying the foundation for future victories in France . Llywelyn was driven into the mountains , later dying in battle . The Statute of Rhuddlan established England 's authority over Wales , and Edward 's son was proclaimed the first English Prince of Wales upon his birth . Edward spent vast sums on his two Welsh campaigns with a large portion of it spent on a network of castles . Edward asserted that the king of Scotland owed him feudal allegiance , and intended to unite the two nations by marrying his son Edward to Margaret , the sole heir of King Alexander III .
" Radio host Howard Stern also compared the black and white scenes of the special to Madonna : Truth or Dare , adding that when he darts a glance at Lady Gaga , she is occasionally registered in his brain as Madonna . On his show , Stern was also critical of inappropriateness and unreasonability of the numerous speeches Gaga gave between the songs in the special , calling them " prattle " , " drivel " , and " condescending " . Dedicating over half an hour of his show on May 9 and 10 , 2011 , to express his criticism of the concert , Stern compared the manner of Gaga 's speaking to professional wrestling due to echoing , Gaga 's gasping between the words , and the audience 's arguable inability to hear the words enough to understand them .
Thus , Alfvén identified two fundamental prerequisites for effective management of high level radioactive waste : ( 1 ) stable geological formations , and ( 2 ) stable human institutions over hundreds of thousands of years . As Alfvén suggests , no known human civilization has ever endured for so long , and no geologic formation of adequate size for a permanent radioactive waste repository has yet been discovered that has been stable for so long a period . Nevertheless , avoiding confronting the risks associated with managing radioactive wastes may create countervailing risks of greater magnitude . Radioactive waste management is an example of policy analysis that requires special attention to ethical concerns , examined in the light of uncertainty and futurity : consideration of ' the impacts of practices and technologies on future generations ' .
As part of the Marlies ' pre season , Reimer competed in the Gardiner Cup , held as part of Scotland 's 2009 Homecoming celebrations . He stopped 33 shots in the final as the Marlies lost 3 – 1 to the Hamilton Bulldogs . Back in the AHL , he spent the majority of the 2009 – 10 season with the Marlies , playing in 26 games and recording 14 wins . He had a GAA of 2.25 and a save percentage of .925 . Reimer was called up by the Leafs on an emergency basis on October 13 , 2009 , when starting goaltender Vesa Toskala was injured .
In 597 Pope Gregory sent Augustine as a missionary from Rome to Canterbury where a church was established and run initially by secular canons , then Benedictine monks from the late Saxon period until 1540 . The present cathedral church at Canterbury is the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury , Primate of All England . As begun by Alfred the Great in 871 and consolidated under William the Conqueror in 1066 , England became a politically unified entity at an earlier date than other European countries . One of the effects was that the units of government , both of church and state , were comparatively large .
Bob , who was himself born in Sweden but grew up in Hinton , Alberta , won four consecutive Stanley Cups between 1980 and 1983 . Bob coached his son during his formative years in hockey . Nystrom is Jewish as is his mother , and became a Bar Mitzvah . He attended high school at Portledge School in Locust Valley , New York . He has an older sister , Marissa . Nystrom grew up playing several sports , including soccer and baseball , and only seriously considered a hockey career in his mid teens . While Eric was regarded as an NHL prospect himself , his father encouraged him to seek an education first , which the younger Nystrom did upon earning a scholarship to play for the University of Michigan Wolverines in 2000 .
Sarawak also derive its electrical energy from coal fired power plant and thermal power station using Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) . The total capacity of the state power generation is expected to reach 7,000 MW by 2025 . Beside empowering the state , Sarawak Energy also exports electric to neighbouring West Kalimantan in Indonesia . Alternative energy sources such as biomass , tidal , solar , wind , and Micro hydro dams are also being explored for their potential to generate power . The Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy ( SCORE ) was established in 2008 and is planning for further development as far out as 2030 to exploit the abundant energy resources in the state ( Murum Dam , Baram Dam , Baleh Dam , and coal based power plants ) and to develop 10 high priority industries such as aluminium , glass , steel , oil , fisheries , livestock , timber , and tourism .
The film served as both a sequel and a prequel to the 2012 film Snow White and the Huntsman . She was drawn to the idea of playing a female warrior whose abilities were on par with the male lead , but the film generated negative reviews and performed poorly at the box office . Also that year , Chastain launched a production company named Freckle Films , headed by a team consisting exclusively of female executives , which is expected to partner with Maven Pictures to develop the film adaptations of two books . As of July 2016 , Chastain has seven upcoming projects .
In 1428 , John VI , Duke of Brittany endowed more prebends for the church by donating the adjoining hotel , La Petite Bretagne , on the condition that the canons pray for his family . This increased the number of canons to seven , to be chosen alternately by the king and bishop . By 1739 the church had fallen into ruin and Louis XV gave 50,000 crowns for it to be rebuilt . During the demolition process a portion of the church was left for the continuing use of the chapter . While the canons were performing the office the remaining structure collapsed , burying them in the ruins .
The club controversially rejoined the First Division in 1919 , despite only finishing sixth in 1914 – 15 , the last season of competitive football before the First World War had intervened — although an error in the calculation of goal average meant Arsenal had actually finished fifth , an error which was corrected by the Football League in 1975 . The First Division was being expanded from 20 teams to 22 , and the two new entrants were elected at an AGM of the Football League . On past precedent the two places would be given to the two clubs that would otherwise have been relegated , namely Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur .
Dürer expert Matthias Mende described the missing portrait of Barbara Holper as " among the most severe losses in the Dürer oeuvre " . In 1977 , art historian Lotte Brand Philip proposed that Unknown Woman in a Coif , held by the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg , was the original portrait of Barbara Holper . The Nuremberg panel was previously thought to have originated from a member of Wolgemut 's workshop , a Franconian artist in his circle , or the anonymous Mainz painter Master W. B. Brand Philip 's attribution was based on striking similarities in composition and its shared tone , theme and size with the father panel at the Uffizi .
The Boston Latin School , established 1635 , is the oldest public high school in the US ; Boston also operates the United States ' second oldest public high school , and its oldest public elementary school . The system 's students are 40 % Hispanic or Latino , 35 % Black or African American , 13 % White , and 9 % Asian . There are private , parochial , and charter schools as well , and approximately 3,300 minority students attend participating suburban schools through the Metropolitan Educational Opportunity Council . Some of the most renowned and highly ranked universities in the world are located in the Boston area .
The book is 15,000 words long and was first published in January 2011 as an electronic book only , priced at USD $ 4 . The Economist noted that the " publishing model is fascinating in its own right " . A hardback version , which Cowen dubbed " the retrogression " , was published in June 2011 . Yglesias described the publication as an innovation in " current affairs publishing " and " much shorter and cheaper than a conventional book in a way that actually leaves you wanting to read more once you finish it . My guess is that this is the future of books .
He further added that R. Kelly 's appearance makes the song a " sort of sex jam " and only him has " the hubris and swagger to shout " : " I 'm like an anaconda in your garden / Baby girl , I 'm explorin ' " in the song . Reviewing for Billboard 's column , Kevin Rutherford described the track as " raunchy " and if the original version was " dirty enough " , then " Mars and company have a treat in store for you " . Los Angeles Times 's Mikael Wood shared a similar opinion as the other reviewers , calling it a " little naughtier " than the original version thanks to Williams and Kelly .
He won his hearing and was awarded a two year , US $ 4.6 million contract on August 3 , 2002 , more than doubling his previous year 's salary of US $ 775,000 . The following season , Morrison recorded career highs with 25 goals 46 assists and 71 points in 82 games . He ranked 26th in NHL point scoring , while Näslund and Bertuzzi finished second and fifth , respectively . He helped the Canucks come within a point of the Northwest Division title , entering the 2003 playoffs as the fourth seed in the West . After eliminating the St. Louis Blues in the opening round , they were defeated by the Minnesota Wild in a seven game second round series .
Between New York and New Jersey , about 225,000 people lost power . High winds and tides from the storm caused the cancellation of ferry service , and forced LaGuardia Airport to temporarily shut down after it was flooded 1 ft ( 0.30 m ) deep . The rains caused heavy damage across southeastern New York , and 11 people were killed across the state . In coastal Connecticut , the rainfall from Connie increased levels along streams , but there was little damage . Overall damage in the United States was estimated at about $ 86,065,000 , mostly in North Carolina , Virginia , and Maryland .
Daoíz entered the Royal School of Artillery at Segovia as a cadet on 10 February 1782 and graduated as an ensign on 9 February 1787 . According to his entrance report he had a dark complexion , brown hair , large eyes and a small stature , being less than five feet tall . At the school Daoíz excelled at mathematics and sports , in particular saber fencing and was able to speak French , English , Italian and Latin in addition to his native Spanish . After graduation Daoíz was assigned to the Real Regimiento de Artillería ( Royal Regiment of Artillery ) at Puerto de Santa Maria .
Renown was relieved as flagship by Duke of York on 3 April , but became flagship of Force W which was formed to escort carriers carrying fighters to be flown off for Malta in April – May . Renown rejoined Home Fleet once those missions were completed , but was transferred to Force H in October 1942 to participate in Operation Torch . She covered the invasion and follow up convoys against interference by the French or Italian Fleets . Renown returned to Britain to refit from February to June 1943 ; her catapult and aircraft were removed while the hangar was converted to a laundry and a cinema .
Junior quarterback Denard Robinson completed 9 of 14 passes for 170 yards and carried the ball 15 times for 63 yards and a touchdown . He scored his 29th career rushing touchdown on a two yard run midway through the first quarter . Robinson moved to ninth place among Michigan 's all time leaders in the category , where he is tied with Butch Woolfolk ( 1978 – 81 ) . Robinson has scored at least one rushing touchdown in seven straight games . Fitzgerald Toussaint recorded career highs in carries ( 20 ) and rushing yards ( 170 ) and matched a career best with two rushing touchdowns .
Worldwide , Narnia grossed £ 463 million , making it the 41st highest grossing film of all time worldwide . That succeeding year he also accepted the principal role of Brian Jackson , a nerdy university student who wins a place on a University Challenge quiz team in the mid 1980s , in Starter for 10 . He was directed by David Nicholls , who adapted the film 's screenplay from his own book . The British / American production was given distribution in the UK on 10 November . 10 scored a rating of 89 % on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes based on a sample of 75 reviews .
Several portions of modern NY 38 were originally part of turnpikes and plank roads during the 1800s . On April 13 , 1819 , the New York State Legislature passed a law incorporating the Cortland and Owego Turnpike Company . The company was tasked with building a highway — the Cortland and Owego Turnpike — from Owego north to the then village of Cortland . It roughly followed what is now NY 38 north from Owego to the vicinity of Harford , where it turned north to access Virgil . It continued to Cortland by way of modern NY 215 .
Again , due to the shortage of buglers in the Marine Corps , his request was denied . Throughout the course of World War II , until his death on Iwo Jima , Cole participated in several battles and campaigns as a machine gunner and was promoted to the rank of sergeant in 1944 . The Battle of Guadalcanal , was fought between August 7 , 1942 , and February 7 , 1943 , in the Pacific theatre of World War II and was the first major offensive launched by allied forces against the Empire of Japan . Cole arrived on Guadalcanal on August 7 , 1942 for the first American offensive of World War II ; and his first opportunity to fill in as a machine gunner in the absence of the regular gunner .
It was argued that this was a deliberate destruction of streetcars as part of a larger strategy to push the United States into automobile dependency . In United States v. National City Lines , Inc . , many were found guilty of antitrust violations . The story has been explored several times in print , film and other media , for example in Who Framed Roger Rabbit , Taken for a Ride and The End of Suburbia . The automobile unions played a leading role in advancing the cause of women 's rights . In 1955 , the United Auto Workers Union ( UAW ) organized the UAW Women 's Department to strengthen women 's role in the union and encourage participation in the union 's elected bodies .
( born 1958 ) and Michael ( born 1959 ) , to be raised by Ike and Tina . During Ike and Lorraine 's divorce trial , Ike sent the four boys to live with Tina at her home . In 1985 , Ike accused Tina of bad parenting , even alleging she had sent Michael to a mental hospital . Tina denied his claims , telling Australian magazine TV Week , " he gave me those children and not a penny to look after them with . " Turner has sometimes referred to herself a Buddhist Baptist , alluding to her upbringing in the Baptist church and her later conversion to Buddhism .
From 993 to 1004 , the Liao observed the Song as the latter built a ' Great Ditch ' in northern Hebei province from the Taihang Mountains in the west all the way to the Bohai Sea in the east . This was essentially a series of canals meant to block the advance of Liao cavalry far from the northern border line , although the Liao perceived this engineering project as a means for the Song to dispatch offensive forces more efficiently via new waterways . In 999 the Liao began annual attacks on Song positions , though with no breakthrough victories .
For example , a numerical year could be given , or an oral and written assessment may be given . Their principal purpose is to help ease the transition into upper secondary education and help the pupil to choose a course of study . Pupils are awarded a certificate with their marks at the end of the compulsory schooling period . In addition to pupil assessment , the law requires that schools implement some form of self evaluation on the quality of their services and to make sure that institutions are operating inside the law and within guidelines . Schools are assessed externally every five years by the Ministry of Education , Science and Culture .
" Xxplosive " contains samples of " Bumpy 's Lament " performed by Isaac Hayes and interpolates " Ain 't No Fun ( If the Homies Can 't Have None ) " performed by Snoop Dogg . " What 's the Difference " contains samples of " Parce Que Tu Crois " performed by Charles Aznavour . " Bar One ( Skit ) " contains samples of " Poundin ' " performed by Cannonball Adderley . " Light Speed " contains samples of " I 'm Still # 1 " performed by Boogie Down Productions . " Forgot About Dre " contains samples of " The Climb " performed by No Doubt .
Another common condition that the breed suffers from are impacted anal sacs and the dog may require them to be emptied by a veterinarian . The final common condition that the breed has is heat sensitivity : if Clumber Spaniels are left without shade , they can become uncomfortably hot and dehydrated . In addition , Clumbers often have difficulties conceiving and giving birth , and may require caesarian sections . Some dogs may suffer from sensitivity to anaesthesia . The most common severe health conditions in the Clumber Spaniel are entropion / ectropion eye conditions , spinal disc herniation and hip dysplasia .
It is similarly unknown how well , if at all , the Oruktor functioned as a steamboat , and Evans 's claims on this point vary significantly over the years . Nevertheless , it is known that the invention proved ineffective for its ostensible purpose as a dredger , and it was scrapped for parts by the Board of Health in 1808 . Nevertheless , Evans 's ideas of steam carriages were not an impossible dream . Evans would continue to promote the idea . In 1812 he published a futuristic description of a world connected by a network of Shipping lines railroad tracks and steam locomotives , accurately describing what will happen in the future. long before any such potential could be realized : " The time will come when people will travel in stages moved by steam engines , from one city to another , almost as fast as birds fly , fifteen or twenty miles in an hour " Evans frequently quarrelled with fellow inventors and engineering peers over steam technology in the mid 1800s .
MacLachlan also flew Mustangs powered by the Rolls Royce Merlin engine which proved so successful in later variants which flew and fought in the USAAF . MacLachlan visited his old school at Monkton on 29 May 1943 which had pledged £ 1,000 for the five needed to buy a Spitfire as part of a local Wings for Victory campaign . MacLachlan was not content in his position and pestered his superiors for an operational posting after weeks of practicing air combat with RAF Army Cooperation Command . Reluctantly , AOC Fighter Command Trafford Leigh Mallory gave him permission to carry out Ranger operations over occupied France .
Wade chose to play college basketball for Tom Crean at Marquette University in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . During Wade 's freshman year at Marquette , he was ineligible to play with the men 's team as he had fallen short of academic standards set by the NCAA 's Proposition 48 . Wade sought tutoring to improve his writing skills in order to regain eligibility . Wade earned eligibility to play for the 2001 – 2002 season , and he led the Golden Eagles in scoring with 17.8 ppg , led the conference in steals at 2.47 per game , and averaged of 6.6 rebounds and 3.4 assists per game .
From this point of view , it does not really matter whether the kidney be made up of organic tissue , plastic nanotubes or silicon chips : it is the role that it plays and its relations to other organs that define it as a kidney . Non reductionist philosophers hold firmly to two essential convictions with regard to mind – body relations : 1 ) Physicalism is true and mental states must be physical states , but 2 ) All reductionist proposals are unsatisfactory : mental states cannot be reduced to behavior , brain states or functional states . Hence , the question arises whether there can still be a non reductive physicalism .
The upper parts are gray to fawn , while the dorsal and lateral areas are cinnamon to rufous ( reddish brown ) . The underparts , rump and the insides of the legs are all white . While markings are visible on the face , there are none on the flanks or the buttocks . Dibatag are alert and secretive , and their brown coat provides an excellent camouflage , making the dibatag one of the antelopes most difficult to hunt . They are diurnal animals , and navigate in very small herds . Both sexes attain sexual maturity at 12 to 18 months .
In May 1938 , Bush accepted a prestigious appointment as president of the Carnegie Institution of Washington ( CIW ) , which had been founded in Washington , D.C. Also known as the Carnegie Institution for Science , it had an endowment of $ 33 million , and annually spent $ 1.5 million in research , most of which was carried out at its eight major laboratories . Bush became its president on January 1 , 1939 , with a salary of $ 25,000 . He was now able to influence research policy in the United States at the highest level , and could informally advise the government on scientific matters .
Justice Thomas also suggested that some directional signs " may be essential , both for vehicles and pedestrians , to guide traffic or to identify hazards and ensure safety " . Therefore , Justice Thomas remanded the case for reconsideration in light of the Court 's opinion . Justice Samuel Alito wrote a separate concurring opinion , in which he was joined by Justice Anthony Kennedy and Justice Sonia Sotomayor . He agreed that content based regulations present the same dangers as viewpoint based regulations because content based regulations " may interfere with democratic self government and the search for truth " .
He saves Amanda , and she follows Tapp until a mysterious figure called Pighead captures her to fake her escape ; she is actually Jigsaw 's secret apprentice . Tapp is forced to move further into the asylum , where he is captured by Pighead and is placed in the Shotgun Collar , which is later used in Saw III . Still in the trap , Tapp finds a second victim who is being held by Jigsaw . The victim , Jennings Foster , blames Tapp for being in his trap and thus harbors hatred for him . Tapp finds Jennings in a Pendulum Trap similar to the one used in Saw V. Tapp releases Jennings , who quickly runs away , believing that Tapp would get him killed if he stayed with him .
Imagery and words revolving around " coldness , pressure , darkness , crisis , failure , collapse , loss of control " recur in his songs . In 1979 , NME journalist Paul Rambali wrote , " The themes of Joy Division 's music are sorrowful , painful and sometimes deeply sad . " Music journalist Jon Savage wrote that " Curtis 's great lyrical achievement was to capture the underlying reality of a society in turmoil , and to make it both universal and personal , " while noting that " the lyrics reflected , in mood and approach , his interest in romantic and science fiction literature .
Off spinner Ian Johnson was deployed as Australia 's makeshift second opener . He was unable to make an impact , as Bedser removed him for one , before Pollard trapped Bradman leg before wicket ( lbw ) to leave Australia at 2 / 13 . The tourists were pinned down as Pollard bowled 17 consecutive overs from his long run , aiming at leg stump . Pollard was reinforced by Bedser , who bowled unchanged for 90 minutes . Morris and Hassett rebuilt the innings , adding 69 for the third wicket in 101 minutes before the latter fell .
" Stoffman observed , " one of the youngest target audiences of any animated movie " , as did the Halliwell 's staff ; film critic Leonard Maltin ( in his Movie Guide ) ; and Henry Herx ( in his Family Guide to Movies on Video ) . The 1986 International Film Guide called it " an elementary piece of animation lacking colour and character , with not much humour , quite lacking in charm , and indifferently scored " . Maltin gave it two stars out of four in his Movie Guide ; similarly , the Gale Group publication , VideoHound 's Golden Movie Retriever , gave it two bones out of four in its 1997 edition .
Pierson was criticised by Committee Chairman Darrell Issa regarding several security breaches . Issa stated , " The fact is , the system broke down ... when Oscar Ortega Hernandez successfully shot at the White House on November 2011 . " Upon hearing that an agent was unwilling to doubt her superior 's assertion , Representative Elijah Cummings stated to Pierson that it was " very disturbing to know that Secret Service agents in the most protective agency in the world feel more comfortable ... coming to members of this committee and telling things than coming to you and members in the agency .
In Birth by Sleep , Aqua apprentices in the Land of Departure where potential Keyblade Masters study to receive their " Mark of Mastery " . Training alongside Aqua are her friends Terra and Ventus . Aqua takes the Mark of Mastery exam along with Terra and becomes a Keyblade Master . When Xehanort goes missing , their teacher Eraqus instructs Terra and Aqua to find him while also protecting the worlds they visit from creatures known as the Unversed . Following Terra 's departure , Eraqus asks Aqua to watch over Terra to see if he succumbs to his inner darkness and also bring back Ventus who has suddenly left the world .
He captained City to a 2 – 1 victory over Portsmouth . As team captain Cowan held primary responsibility for motivating his fellow players and match tactics . This was typical for a captain of his era , as managers of the period were chiefly administrators who had little input into coaching and tactics . Cowan 's final season at Maine Road was 1934 – 35 , in which he was ever present . His final match for the club was a 5 – 0 defeat of Wolverhampton Wanderers on 4 May 1935 . In total he made 407 appearances for Manchester City , scoring 24 goals .
The same happened with most of McCain 's other friends , who were eventually won over by the force of his personality and his frequent expressions of guilt over what had happened . Around the end of 1980 , McCain decided to retire from the Navy . He had not been given a major sea command , and his physical condition had deteriorated , causing him to fail the flight physical required for any carrier command position ( in addition to his limited arm movement , certain weather would always cause him to walk with a limp ) . McCain thought he might make rear admiral , but probably not vice admiral , and never become a four star admiral as his grandfather and father had been .
By that time , the Black Watch 's two highest ranking officers had been killed and command fell to Major Phil Griffin . At 08 : 30 , he met with 5th Brigade commander , Brigadier General W. J. Megilland . Despite the non arrival of most of their promised armoured support , the decision was taken for the attack to proceed . At 09 : 30 , as the Canadian infantry regiments advanced up the ridge , they were easy targets for the well entrenched German machine gun nests and mortar pits , supported by tanks , 88 mm ( 3.46 in ) anti tank guns , and Nebelwerfer rocket artillery .
David Beckham opened the scoring for United from a long range shot , but Bergkamp equalised with a shot that deflected off United 's centre back Jaap Stam . United captain Roy Keane was red carded for two bookable offences , with his team playing the last thirty minutes of normal time a man down . In injury time , Phil Neville fouled Parlour in the penalty area , conceding a penalty . Peter Schmeichel parried away Bergkamp 's resultant spot kick and the game went into extra time . Giggs scored partway through the second half of extra time .
Other income derived from the sale of rings and brooches , pictures of Eddy , and in 1889 the Mary Baker Eddy souvenir spoon ; Eddy asked every Christian Scientist to buy at least one , or a dozen if they could afford to . When the copyright on Science and Health expired in 1971 , the church persuaded Congress to extend it to 2046 . The bill was supported by two of President Richard Nixon 's aides , Christian Scientists H. R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman . The law was overturned as unconstitutional in 1987 , after a challenge by United Christian Scientists , an independent group .
Virgin handled all marketing , sales , and distribution ; Turner cross promoted . Developers recycled fifty minutes of footage and art from six season one episodes to construct a new story about the Quest family gathering alien artifacts and saving an extraterrestrial from autopsy at The Pentagon . Jeremiah Surd and the Men in Black of General Tyler plan to misuse the technology and try to hinder the Quests . Gameplay consists of clicking areas on images of locations to navigate paths . Players sometimes encounter minigames , such as guiding a diving bell away from rocks or shooting rats with a slingshot .
The center was sold to Oxford Capital Partners in 2000 . Two years later , the Center completed a $ 29 million renovation , in order to ameliorate its training operations . The current design implements " living learning modules " , a series of color coded buildings ; underground tunnels ; a ballroom ; and walking trails . The Center was built by Xerox in 1974 under the name of Xerox International Center for Training and Management Development . It was later changed to Xerox Document University when an additional building was added to train employees in copier technology and equipment .
Except for Harold , all five represented Victoria in baseball . Harvey played his first game aged nine as a wicket keeper in the North Fitzroy Central School team , the average age of which was 14 . In a school final , he once made 112 of the total of 140 . Aged twelve , he joined the local Fitzroy club and rose to the first grade team when he was fourteen . By this stage he had transferred to Collingwood Technical School . On the advice of the Victorian coach , Arthur Liddicut , Harvey stopped wicket keeping to focus on his batting .
He was dating a single mother , Amanda Gardner , who was unaware of his criminal past , and posing as the owner of a home restoration business . He told her he was from a wealthy family , and his silver 2005 Infiniti and " fashionably decorated bungalow " seemed to confirm this . Cox used a falsified passport to travel to Europe on a cruise of the Greek Isles with Gardner , a new friend Brian Williamson , and Williamson 's wife . He did not spend much time in Italy or Greece due to his intense fear of Interpol .
I knew high heels and makeup weren 't my personal style , so I thought ... I must be the other kind ! " However , Gittings found very little in common with the women she met in the bars , and after witnessing a gay male acquaintance get beaten up after leaving a bar , began to focus her energies on collecting books . In 1956 , Gittings traveled to California on the advice of Donald Webster Cory , to visit the office of the new ONE , Inc . , an early homophile organization that dedicated itself to providing support to homosexuals in the US .
The inflectional system regularised many irregular inflectional forms , and gradually simplified the system of agreement , making word order less flexible . By the Wycliffe Bible of the 1380s , the passage Matthew 8 : 20 was written Foxis han dennes , and briddis of heuene han nestis Here the plural suffix -n on the verb have is still retained , but none of the case endings on the nouns are present . By the 12th century Middle English was fully developed , integrating both Norse and Norman features ; it continued to be spoken until the transition to early Modern English around 1500 .
Despite this , he recognizes the Rutherford government 's legacy of province building . Douglas Babcock suggests that Rutherford , while himself honourable , left himself at the mercy of unscrupulous men who ultimately ruined his political career . Bennett , Rutherford 's rival and later Prime Minister , concurred with this assessment , calling Rutherford " a gentleman of the old school ... not equipped by experience or temperament for the rough and tumble of western politics " . There is general agreement that Rutherford 's greatest legacy , and the one in which he took the most pride , lies in his contributions to Alberta 's education .
These forests are typically covered in rocks and are found in hilly lowland areas up to 800 m ( 2,600 ft ) . The white necked rockfowl often lives near flowing streams and rivers so that it has access to wet mud for nest construction . Colonies are typically found within 100 m ( 330 ft ) of a stream . The species also seems to show a preference for living near inselbergs . Rockfowl are occasionally seen in partly cleared forests and near cities , but this appears to be abnormal . Recent surveys have shown that abandoned rockfowl nests are more likely to be in or near secondary forest .
He was a member of a productive acting family that began with his father , John Carradine . Carradine 's acting career , which included major and minor roles on stage and television , and in cinema , spanned over four decades . A prolific " B " movie actor , he appeared in more than 100 feature films and was nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award . The last nomination was for his title role in Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill : Volume 2 ( 2004 ) . Films that featured Carradine continued to be released after his death .
In spring 1242 , Vatatzes crossed over into Europe at the head of his army , with Theodore accompanying him as an honorary prisoner . Facing no resistance , the Nicaean army and fleet arrived before Thessalonica . The city 's garrison and inhabitants resisted with success and the Nicaean army , lacking heavy siege equipment , had to settle for a drawn out blockade . Soon , however , news arrived of a Mongol invasion of Asia Minor , which forced Vatatzes to break off the campaign and return to Nicaea . Nevertheless , the Nicaean emperor kept this news a secret , and sent Theodore to his son to negotiate .
After serving as a transport in North American waters from 1775 , she was purchased by the Royal Navy ( RN ) and modified for shore bombardment duties in 1777 . She was instrumental in the eventual British success during the siege of Fort Mifflin that same year and supported British operations in Georgia and South Carolina in 1779 – 80 . Her heavy armament proved to be more than Vigilant was designed to handle and she was condemned and disposed of in 1780 . Built at Whitby in 1774 , the ship was named the Grand Duchess of Russia and she was chartered by the Navy Board to serve as a transport at the beginning of 1775 .
A reviewer of Amtix ! stated that the visuals were " breathtakingly stunning " and improves on its predecessor . David Kelly of Popular Computing Weekly stated the game was a " little " disappointment due to its similarities to Knight Lore , however he asserted that the graphics were of superior quality to its predecessor . Chris Bourne of Sinclair User stated that the general quality of graphics were " higher " than its predecessor , although it used an identical system . Crash praised the new additions to the game , in particular the time limit and various collectable items .
Phoronis ovalis has two nerve trunks under the skin , whereas other species have one . The trunk ( s ) have giant axons ( nerves that transmit signals very fast ) which co ordinate the retraction of the body when danger threatens . Except for retracting the body into the tube , phoronids have limited and slow movement : partial emerging from the tube ; bending the body when extended ; and the lophophore 's flicking of food into the mouth . Only Phoronis ovalis naturally builds colonies by budding or by splitting into top and bottom sections which then grow into full bodies .
Chung dismisses Mulder and publishes the book anyway , which Scully reads in her office . In his book , Chung describes the fates of the various people he interviewed : Roky has moved to California and founded a spiritual cult based on the teachings he believes he received from Lord Kinbote , Blaine has replaced him as a power company lineman and continues to search for UFOs most nights , Mulder ( whom Chung describes as " a ticking time bomb of insanity " ) watches video footage of Bigfoot , and Harold professes his love to Chrissy , who rejects him as too immature , as her UFO experience has given her a new commitment to philanthropy and helping humanity .
In the shootout , he stopped four of the five shooters he faced , earning the Canucks their first win of the season . Two nights later , as they began their first road trip , the Canucks played a rematch with the Ducks in Anaheim . Schneider made the start and earned some redemption , stopping all 30 Anaheim shots , helping the Canucks to the 5 – 0 win and earning his fifth career shutout . Following the win , Schneider started the next game , a 4 – 1 loss to the San Jose Sharks . Luongo started the next four games , finishing off the month of January and beginning February .
In the film , Sylvester played the role of both Coretta Scott King and the African ambassador Uma King . In 1971 , Sylvester was given a one man show , Sylvester Sings , at the Palace Theater , for which he was accompanied by Mintum . He nevertheless remained a part of the Cockette troupe during their divisive split , in which Hibiscus and his followers left to form the Angels of Light . Following Hibiscus ' departure , the Cockettes began to gain increasing media attention , with celebrities such as Rex Reed , Truman Capote , and Gloria Vanderbilt enthusing about their performances .
In publications subsequent to Aunt Fanny 's of 1852 , Victorian nicety required editors to routinely and silently alter Southey 's " [ T ] here she sate till the bottom of the chair came out , and down came her 's , plump upon the ground " to read " and down she came " , omitting any reference to the human bottom . The cumulative effect of the several changes to the tale since its original publication was to transform a fearsome oral tale into a cozy family story with an unrealized hint of menace . Maria Tatar in The Annotated Classic Fairy Tales ( 2002 ) notes that Southey 's tale is sometimes viewed as a cautionary tale that imparts a lesson about the hazards of wandering off and exploring unknown territory .
The cause of Bessarabia was championed by Arbore , who at the time rejected all notion that the region could ever witness a Russian devolution , and expressed distress that Romanian intellectuals were more interested in the fate of France than in the freedoms of Bessarabian Romanians . Bogdan Pitești 's various articles also show his interest in the Bessarabian cause . Expressing regret that " most civilized " France stood by the world 's " most savage , most ignorant and bloodiest oligarchy " , " the Russia of pogroms and assassinations " , he deemed Romania 's overtures toward the Tsarist regime a " national crime " .
She was defeated in the 1940 election . After her defeat , she abandoned Social Credit for the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation , moved to Edmonton , and served for fifteen years as a school trustee . Edith Rogers died in 1985 . Born in Eastville , Nova Scotia to Samuel G. and Mahala ( née Graham ) Cox , Rogers was raised on a farm and attended Eastville High School and Normal School . She worked as a teacher in Nova Scotia until 1913 , when she visited her aunt , Margaret Redmond , in Edgerton , Alberta . While there , she accepted an offer to teach at Bloomington School .
" With his win , Carpenter became the first contestant in the worldwide Millionaire franchise to win the show 's top prize . He said that the only question that had flustered him was one which asked for the location of the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral . Carpenter eventually remembered that the film Tombstone included the gunfight , and he replied correctly with the answer ' Tombstone , Arizona ' . While taking a vacation after his win , Carpenter considered quitting his job with the IRS , but eventually decided against it . He explained to Kiplinger 's Personal Finance that " after the taxes , it 's not change your life kind of money if you want to eat every day .
A six day festival , from the first to sixth lunar day of the bright fortnight of the Hindu month of Margashirsha , in honour of Khandoba is celebrated at Jejuri , to commemorate the fight with demons Mani Malla . On the sixth day ( Champa Shashthi ) , Khandoba is believed to have slew the demons . A jatra ( temple festival and fair ) is held in Pember on Champa shasthi , and the festival continues until the day of the new moon . Another festival Somvati Amavasya , which is a new moon day that falls on a Monday , is celebrated in Jejuri .
She first served behind the bar in 1969 and had been shown to work there for 42 years , as of 2011 . There have been brief breaks however , as storylines have led to the character being fired or quitting her post . She was fired by Annie Walker ( Doris Speed ) , who accused her of theft , and she quit her post in 1995 when Jack ( Bill Tarmey ) and Vera Duckworth ( Liz Dawn ) took over as landlords . In the summer of 2009 , Betty was sacked again temporarily by manager Poppy Morales .
When whipped , women were stripped to the waist , thus being publicly exposed , and whipped until bleeding . Such was the fate of Dyer 's Newport neighbor , Herodias Gardiner who had made a perilous journey through a 60 mile wilderness to get to Weymouth in the Massachusetts colony . She had made the arduous trek with another woman and with her " Babe sucking at her Breast " to give her Quaker testimony to friends in Weymouth . Similarly , Katharine , the wife of Richard Scott , and a younger sister of Anne Hutchinson , had received ten lashes for coming to visit her future son in law , Christopher Holder , in prison .
A tragicomic character , Dot is known for her devout Christian faith , gossiping , chain smoking , hypochondria , and motherly attitude to those in need . A recurring storyline in the serial has been Dot 's continuous forgiveness of her son 's villainous crimes . Initially married at the start of the series to conman Charlie Cotton ( Christopher Hancock ) , Dot married again in 2002 to pensioner Jim Branning ( John Bardon ) and the union proved to be popular with fans . Brown and Bardon won awards for their screen partnership . On 31 January 2008 , Dot became the first character ever to appear in a monologue episode , " Pretty Baby .... " , of a British soap .
Big tracks aside , it 's an awfully static record , which gives it the kind of high art " difficulty " that we critics have been known to like . At the end of 2008 , New Amerykah Part One was ranked on several critics ' lists of the year 's best records , including the Associated Press ( number 1 ) , The Austin Chronicle ( number 9 ) , Entertainment Weekly ( number 5 ) , New York ( number 8 ) , The New York Times ( number 4 ) , The A.V. Club ( number 8 ) , PopMatters ( number 4 ) , Slant Magazine ( number 8 ) , and The Guardian ( number 9 ) .
Before the yellow fever outbreak , Underwood had been the favorite , but public sentiment had turned in Blackburn 's favor after his service to the people of Hickman . Underwood questioned whether Blackburn 's medical background had adequately prepared him to be the state 's chief executive ; he also mounted a failed legal challenge that claimed Blackburn had not met the constitutional state residency requirement of seven years . In late March 1879 , however , Underwood determined that he would not be able to overcome the " avalanche " of support for Blackburn and withdrew his candidacy .
On September 30 , 2008 , prior to the start of the 2008 – 09 season , Vancouver Canucks general manager Mike Gillis and head coach Alain Vigneault named Luongo the 12th captain in team history , replacing the departed Markus Näslund . The decision was unconventional , as league rules forbid goaltenders from being captains . As such , Luongo became only the seventh goaltender in NHL history to be named a captain , and the first since Bill Durnan captained the Montreal Canadiens in 1947 – 48 ( after whom the league implemented the rule ) . In order to account for the league rule , Luongo did not perform any of the on ice duties reserved for captains and did not wear the captain 's " C " on his jersey .
Twitter had annual growth of 1,382 percent , increasing from 475,000 unique visitors in February 2008 to 7 million in February 2009 . In 2009 , Twitter had a monthly user retention rate of forty percent . In 2009 , Twitter was mainly used by older adults who might not have used other social sites before Twitter , said Jeremiah Owyang , an industry analyst studying social media . " Adults are just catching up to what teens have been doing for years , " he said . According to comScore only eleven percent of Twitter 's users are aged twelve to seventeen. comScore attributed this to Twitter 's " early adopter period " when the social network first gained popularity in business settings and news outlets attracting primarily older users .
David Bradley of SFX awarded " Blink " five out of five stars , saying that it could have featured any of the previous Doctors and predicted that its " timelessness " would ensure that it would " [ go ] down as one of the finest , scariest , cleverest Who episodes ever " . IGN 's Travis Fickett gave the episode 9.1 out of 10 , praising the way the audience felt they had known Sally Sparrow for a while , as well as the strength of Mulligan 's performance , although he noted that " all of the performances in this episode are exceptional " .
He blamed his allegiance shift on the Roosevelt policies that he deemed anti business . He had voted for Landon in 1936 , he said , and he felt that the Democrats no longer represented the values he advocated . As he later characterized it , " I did not leave my party . My party left me . " The start of the war in September 1939 alarmed many Americans , but the majority thought the U.S. should not get involved . Willkie spoke often about the threat to America and the need to aid Britain and other Allies .
Described as new to science in 1971 , it is commonly known as the manzanita bolete for its usual mycorrhizal association with manzanita trees . Its fruit bodies ( mushrooms ) have sticky reddish to brown caps up to 20 cm ( 7.9 in ) , and its stipes are up to 16 cm ( 6.3 in ) long and 3.5 cm ( 1.4 in ) thick . They have a whitish background color punctuated with small black scales known as scabers . Found only in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States and Canada , it is the most common Leccinum species in California .
It is west of Mount Shasta City and Mount Shasta peak . The outlet of the lake drains into Castle Lake Creek , and then into Lake Siskiyou reservoir , part of the headwaters of the Sacramento River . Nearly all of the lake 's 47 acres ( 19 ha ) are within the Shasta Trinity National Forest . Trails lead from Castle Lake into the adjacent Castle Crags Wilderness area , and on to Castle Crags State Park , including trails to Little Castle Lake and Heart Lake . Fishing , camping , and hiking are also available at or near the lake .
This is a group of companies and interested parties which together have the overall responsibility for the scheme , including Network Rail Infrastructure Ltd , J. Sainsbury Developments Ltd and Quintain Estates and Development ( QED ) . The land was originally owned by British Rail , but passed to Railtrack when the railway system was privatised in the mid 1990s . It was sold to the New England Consortium in 1997 . An initial planning application , including a new Sainsbury 's supermarket , was rejected by the council in November 1997 ; the rejection was subsequently upheld on appeal in September 1998 .
Barber was a kind , modest man , who never believed that his contribution was good enough , even if he had scored a century . On his death , Wisden described him as having " rendered admirable service . " Barber 's highest score was 255 against Surrey in 1935 . In this innings , he opened the batting and shared three successive century partnerships . Barber also scored 248 against Kent in 1934 . He had scored 73 in the first innings but Kent had built up a lead of 148 on the second day of the match .
He and his wife Elsa returned to Belgium by ship in March , and during the trip they learned that their cottage was raided by the Nazis and his personal sailboat confiscated . Upon landing in Antwerp on 28 March , he immediately went to the German consulate and turned in his passport , formally renouncing his German citizenship . A few years later , the Nazis sold his boat and turned his cottage into a Hitler Youth camp . In April 1933 , Einstein discovered that the new German government had passed laws barring Jews from holding any official positions , including teaching at universities .
He 's the person you trust enough to go into a strange world with . " Dennis Hopper — said to be Lynch 's third choice — accepted the role , reportedly having exclaimed , " I 've got to play Frank ! I am Frank ! " as Hopper confirmed in the Blue Velvet " making of " documentary The Mysteries of Love , produced for the 2002 special edition . For the role of Dorothy Vallens , Lynch met Isabella Rossellini at a restaurant , and she accepted the role . Laura Dern , then just nineteen years old , was cast after various successful actresses at the time turned it down , including Molly Ringwald .
Florida strangler figs ( Ficus aurea ) are common in hammocks , and find particular ease in rooting at the heads of cabbage palms ( Sabal palmetto ) . After taking root into the ground , they build complex frameworks around the host tree , eventually squeezing out light and nutrients , and essentially taking its place . A variety of invertebrates including beetles , ants , spiders , and tree snails support a food chain that includes frogs , owls and other birds of prey , snakes , rodents , bobcats , and raccoons . There are more than 50 varieties of tree snails in the Everglades ; the color patterns and designs unique to single islands may be a result of the isolation of certain hammocks .
V. togata has a single line of suckers on each arm . Chun described the membranes on the arms in detail , stating that " The arms bear dorsal and ventral membranes . The ventral margins are unusually large and extend to the tip of all arms . They are not restricted to the ventral surface but also extend to the dorsal margin of the neighboring ventral arms , where they again continue to the tip , but are more weakly developed . " . The hectocotylus is on the third arm . V. togata contains an ink sac , but it is tiny and does not contain any ink , a common trait in cephalopods that live in deep water where there is little or no light .
He defused a difficult situation for the CND when it decided to merge its male dominated state and local organizations with the separate Women 's Committee into a unified Field Division . Lane headed the Division , leading a board of five men and five women . Lane bitterly opposed what he saw as the President 's hesitation to commit the country to war . He wrote to his brother George in February 1917 : ... in Mexico , Cuba , Costa Rica , and Europe we have trouble . The country is growing tired of delay , and without positive leadership is losing its keenness of conscience and becoming inured to insult .
In a severely compromised situation , Hernando Pizarro ordered a retreat ; under the cover of darkness the Spanish force fled through the Urubamba valley with the Incas in pursuit and reached Cusco the next day . The actual location of the battle is the subject of some controversy . According to Canadian explorer John Hemming , Spanish forces occupied a plain between Ollantaytambo and the Urubamba River while the main Inca army was located on a citadel ( the Temple Hill ) overlooking the town , protected by seventeen terraces . However , Swiss architect Jean Pierre Protzen argues that the topography of the town and its surrounding area does not match contemporary descriptions of the battle .
The boy places his hands upon a dying tree , where he envisions the events of how the town became destroyed and dismantled . These scenes include burning flowers , falling construction , and broken religious statues . The second chorus has Hamasaki singing , and the song break shows the boy observing a blossoming flower which hasn 't died . Smiling , he walks towards it , unbeknown that there is sharp barbed wire surrounding it . Scenes features Hamasaki singing , and shows brief inter cut scenes of barbed wire wrapped around the young boy . Struggling to become free from the wire , the young boy dies and leaves behind a large pile of angel feathers .
At this time the horizontal protection was revised after full scale trials revealed that a 500 kilogram ( 1,100 lb ) bomb would penetrate both a 40 millimeter ( 1.6 in ) upper deck and a 50 millimeter ( 2.0 in ) middle deck to burst on the main armor deck . So the middle deck was thickened to 90 millimeter ( 3.5 in ) with the lower deck intended to catch any splinters penetrating the armor deck . This mean that the main belt had to be extended upwards to meet the main armor deck at a significant penalty in weight .
125 – 144 AD ) reign required 100,000 laborers to work for a year under the supervision of the Court Architect . The Colonel Director of Retainers ( Sili xiaowei 司隸校尉 ) , also known as Colonel of Censure and Colonel Director of Convict Laborers , was originally called the Director of Retainers ( Sili 司隸 ) . His task was to supervise 1,200 convicts in their construction of roads and canals . In 91 BC , an unsuccessful five day rebellion in Chang 'an was instigated by Crown Prince Liu Ju ( d . 91 BC ) and his mother Empress Wei Zifu ( d .
During her childhood , she also attended gymnastics and voice lessons , and won many state level competitions and children 's talent shows . Spears made her local stage debut at age five , singing " What Child Is This ? " at her kindergarten graduation . She said about her ambition as a child , " I was in my own world , [ ... ] I found out what I 'm supposed to do at an early age " . At age eight , Spears and her mother Lynne traveled to Atlanta , Georgia for an audition in the 1990s revival of The Mickey Mouse Club .
The remaining slaves were retained as house labor for Margaret . Eventually , Houston became the owner of Bermuda Spring when he and Hatch swapped properties , and he set about to build the Woodland home for his wife . The first child to be born in the house was Margaret ( Maggie ) Lea Houston , arriving on April 13 , 1848 while Congress was in session and Houston in Washington , D.C. The widowed Vernal remarried to Catherine Davis Goodall in 1849 , but trusteeship of Virginia Thorne , by now a teenager , remained with Margaret . With most of his time spent in the nation 's capital , Houston 's perception of Thorne was primarily second hand gleanings from Margaret 's letters ; yet , he disliked and distrusted the orphaned girl to the point where he feared for the health and safety of his children with her in the house .
The recording process was tough for both musicians , and their breakup was almost certain considering the deterioration of their relationship . " At that point , I just wanted out , " Simon later said . Their breakup was not intended to be semi permanent : Garfunkel hoped for a two year break from Simon & Garfunkel and did not intend to pursue a film career . Likewise , Simon did not intend to begin a solo career . A brief British tour followed the album release , and the duo 's last concert as Simon & Garfunkel occurred at Forest Hills Stadium .
Over the course of the first season , her character matures and builds friendships with the other outcasts who make up the glee club . Quinn gives birth to a baby girl , Beth , whom she gives up for adoption . In the second season , she forms a bond with newcomer Sam Evans ( Chord Overstreet ) , and later romances her first boyfriend Finn , reigniting her animosity with club co captain Rachel Berry ( Lea Michele ) . In the third season , Quinn intends to get full custody of her daughter , Beth , and her attempts to prove Shelby Corcoran ( Idina Menzel ) — the adoptive mother of Beth — an unfit mother fail ; eventually , she realizes that Shelby is Beth 's true mother .
In the first four games , Dante is a mercenary , private investigator , and demon hunting vigilante dedicated to exterminating them and other malevolent supernatural foes , a mission he follows in pursuit of those that killed his mother and corrupted his brother . He is the son of Sparda , a demon of great power and as a result of his heritage , he possesses numerous powers beyond that of any human , which he uses in combination with a variety of weapons to accomplish his goals . The character also appears in several Devil May Cry novels and manga volumes ; and is featured in the 2007 anime TV series .
The two stations were built alongside each other on a site near Cambois in Northumberland , on the northern bank of the River Blyth , between its tidal estuary and the North Sea . The stations took their name from the town of Blyth on the opposite bank of the estuary . Blyth A Power Station was built and opened first but had a smaller generating capacity than its sister station , Blyth B Power Station , which was built to its west four years later . The power stations ' four large chimneys were a landmark of the Northumberland skyline for over 40 years ; the A Station 's two chimneys each stood at 140 metres ( 460 ft ) ; the B Station 's two chimneys were taller , at 170 metres ( 560 ft ) each .
Scholarly interpretations of Vasubandhu 's philosophy vary widely , and include phenomenalism , neutral monism and realist phenomenology . The Indian Mahayana schools were divided on the issue of the possibility of reflexive awareness ( svasaṃvedana ) . Dharmakīrti accepted the idea of reflexive awareness as expounded by the Yogacara school , comparing it to lamp that illuminates itself while also illuminating other objects . This was strictly rejected by Mādhyamika scholars like Candrakīrti . Since in the philosophy of the Mādhyamika all things and mental events are characterized by emptiness , they argued that consciousness could not be an inherently reflexive ultimate reality since that would mean it was self validating and therefore not characterized by emptiness .
In February 2000 , a connection between westbound I 270 and westbound US 36 was completed , as was access between I 76 westbound and I 270 westbound . The eastbound section between US 36 and I 76 , including new bridges over Washington Street and Clear Creek , was completed in March 2002 and totaled $ 8.5 million . Three years later , a flyover ramp was constructed connecting I 25 southbound to I 270 eastbound . However , access between I 270 eastbound and I 76 westbound still does not exist . CDOT aims to widen the freeway from four up to six lanes between I 76 and I 70 by 2025 .
Along with Eric Clapton , there were also musicians whose link with Harrison went back some years , such as Ringo Starr and Billy Preston , and German bassist Klaus Voormann , formerly of Manfred Mann and a friend since the Beatles ' years in Hamburg . Handling much of the keyboard work with Whitlock was Gary Wright , who went on to collaborate regularly with Harrison throughout the 1970s . From within Apple 's stable of musicians , Harrison recruited the band Badfinger , future Yes drummer Alan White , and Beatles assistant Mal Evans on percussion . Badfinger drummer Mike Gibbins ' powerful tambourine work led to Spector giving him the nickname " Mr Tambourine Man " , after the Dylan song , while bandmates Pete Ham , Tom Evans and Joey Molland provided rhythm acoustic guitar parts that , in keeping with Spector 's Wall of Sound principles , were to be " felt but not heard " .
Patrick unlocks Triton 's cell , and the Prince escapes the island . No one anticipates Triton 's wrath , Triton destroys Bikini Bottom . Noticing that something is wrong at the Krusty Krab , SpongeBob and Patrick enter the building from the back , discovering the guests and staff locked in a cage . When Patrick unlocks the cell , Triton attempts to escape his father , who catches up to him . King Neptune can 't tolerate his son 's wrongdoings , but on seeing how Triton destroyed Bikini Bottom , is pleased that he 's finally using powers , becoming a worthy successor .
Otherwise , normal English plurals are sometimes used , with many local variations such as centime in France . All circulating coins have a common side showing the denomination or value , and a map in the background . Due to the linguistic plurality of Europe , the Latin alphabet version of euro is used ( as opposed to the less common Greek or Cyrillic ) and Arabic numerals ( other text is used on national sides in national languages , but other text on the common side is avoided ) . For the denominations except the 1- , 2- and 5 cent coins , the map only showed the 15 member states which were members when the euro was introduced .
The class saw service into nationalisation in 1948 . All had been withdrawn by 1957 , with none preserved . With the impending electrification of the Southern Railway 's Central Section ( the former LB & SCR lines ) , the question arose as to what to do with the relatively new and powerful LB & SCR designs . Maunsell looked at the possibility of converting the LBSCR “ Remembrance ” or LB & SCR L Class 4 6 4 tanks built by L. B. Billinton between 1914 and 1922 . These Baltics had proved to be capable machines on the Brighton line , although their relatively low boiler pressure ( 170 psi or 1.17 MPa ) , the excessive difference between " first valve " and " second valve " on the regulator , and more particularly their small ( 8 in or 203 mm ) piston valves in relation to their large ( 21 in or 533 mm ) cylinders were a significant limitation , precluding their use on any other part of the Southern system .
In the music video , Fezhead and Skull from the Sega TV advertising campaign appeared along with Sonic . In 2005 , former Sega Technical Institute director Roger Hector stated that Sega brought in Michael Jackson to compose music for Sonic 3 , but following the allegations of sexual abuse against Jackson , his involvement was terminated and the music reworked . The website of musician Cirocco Jones , who contributed music to Sonic 3 and is credited in game as " Scirocco " , credits himself along with Jackson and Jackson 's tour keyboardist and songwriting collaborator Brad Buxer for musical cues for " levels 2 & 3 " of " Sonic the Hedgehog " .
They took trained Alpine guides and surveyors including Grant Peterkin and Surjan Singh , whose contributions ensured that , unlike numerous other maps the Workmans helped create , their map of the Siachen Glacier remained unchallenged for many years . After their 1908 – 12 trip , the couple stopped exploring and turned to writing and lecturing , primarily because of the onset of World War I in 1914 . Fanny Workman became the first American woman to lecture at the Sorbonne in Paris . She was also one of the first women to be admitted as a member of the Royal Geographical Society , a distinction she earned because her publications included scientific reflections on glaciation and other phenomena .
In an attempt to lick it clean he licks off the section that forbids cruel and unusual punishment . Homer is unable to pay the $ 10,000 repair bill and so Omnitouch installs a cellular transmitter on the roof of his house , with the control equipment in Lisa 's room . Lisa moves in with Bart , but she is overwhelmed when Bart has made up rules and noises distract her from her homework . When Lisa develops stomach aches , she visits Dr. Hibbert , who suggests he could prescribe ' harsh Antacids ' but says herbal tea could also work .
The arches then continue through St. Joseph High Road ( Maltese : Triq il Kbira San Ġużepp ) in Santa Venera , until they stop at a small tower known as the Tower of St. Joseph . From this tower , water continued its journey to Ħamrun , Blata l Bajda , Floriana and Valletta through underground pipes once again . Water inspection towers were also built at Ħamrun and Floriana . The triumphal archway at the boundary between Fleur de Lys and Santa Venera is known as the Wignacourt Arch or the Fleur de Lys Gate . It has three doorways , and it is adorned with Wignacourt 's coat of arms and three sculpted fleurs de lis , the heraldic symbols of Wignacourt .
It peaked at number 15 on the Hungarian Airplay Chart , and number 20 on the Slovak Airplay Chart . On the Irish Singles Chart , " Turn Up the Music " peaked at number 12 and spent 18 weeks in the chart . In the United Kingdom , the song first charted on March 10 , 2012 in a cover version by Beautiful People , reaching the top 100 . On April 7 , 2012 , the Chris Brown version , having sold 83,777 copies in its first week , became Brown 's first UK number one single . That same week , it also debuted at number one on the Scottish Singles Chart .
Tirana was particularly heavily defended , with thousands of bunkers radiating out in fifty concentric circles around the city . The QZ bunker was designed by military engineer Josif Zagali , who served with the Partisans during World War II and trained in the Soviet Union after the war . He observed how dome shaped fortifications were virtually impervious to artillery fire and bombs , which simply ricocheted off the dome . He used his knowledge to design the subsequently ubiquitous dome shaped bunkers . Hoxha was initially delighted with the design and had many thousands of Zagali 's bunkers constructed ; Zagali himself was promoted to the rank of colonel and became chief engineer of the Albanian Ministry of Defence .
In August 2007 , the MBTA published a feasibility study exploring the possibility of rebuilding Yawkey as a full service station . The study concluded that doing so would increase ridership by 60 % , from 585 daily boardings and alightings to 937 . On November 15 , 2010 , Governor Deval Patrick and other officials broke ground on a major rebuilding of the station , originally expected to be completed in the spring of 2012 . The new station has two full length high level platforms that provide level , handicapped accessible boarding for all passengers ; the old platform had only a wooden ramp for accessibility .
Prior to this , the disposing of justice had been made difficult by the fact that the Lord Chancellor was required to travel with the King wherever he went . By 1345 the Lord Chancellor began to be seen as the leader of the Court of Chancery , rather than as a representative of the King , and writs and bills were addressed directly to him . Under Richard II it became practice to consider the Chancery separate from the curia ; academic William Carne considers this a key moment in confirming the independence of the Court of Chancery . The Chancellor and his clerks often heard the cases directly , rather than having them referred to the council itself ; occasionally a committee of lay and church members disposed of them , assisted by the judges of the common law courts .
Homer says to the boys that they should give their father another chance , since he knows Bart loves them . At that point , Bart arrives and apologizes to his sons , admitting how much he treasures them . Touched , the two boys forgive him for not having included them in his life much , while an inspired Homer decides to unfreeze Grampa and forgive him as well . Meanwhile , Lisa goes into the Ultranet to find Zia and discovers a door leading into Zia 's private world . Entering it , Lisa is overjoyed to find that Zia has hung a poster of her next to a series of posters depicting historical women who have made a difference in the world .
Chávez makes an address in which he says it is fine to oppose him , but not the Constitution of Venezuela . The closing titles say Carmona fled to Miami while under house arrest , and that Ortega went into hiding , only reappearing to help lead the opposition after Chávez said there would be no repercussions . Most of the dissident generals , after being expelled from the army , fled to the US . Others remained as part of the opposition . In December 1999 , independent Irish filmmaker Kim Bartley visited Venezuela as part of Concern Worldwide 's emergency response team , to document the aftermath of the 1999 Vargas mudslides that had devastated much of Vargas State in the north of the country .
With about 300 daily flights , the airline flies to 21 destinations domestically , and to 28 internationally . In addition , it has codeshare agreements with a number of airlines for other routes , some of which span to North America . Vietnam Airlines have traditionally increased flights among Vietnamese cities to cater for the heavy demands brought by the annual Tết celebration . This busy period , which could fall anywhere from late January to mid February , is Vietnam 's most important celebration ; hundreds of extra flights are scheduled by domestic airlines during this period to allow Vietnamese to return to their families , often in the rural ares , to celebrate the occasion .
There he met Dante Gabriel Rossetti and other members of the Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood , who would have a profound influence on Whistler . It was also in London that Whistler met Joanna Heffernan , the model who would become his lover . By 1865 , Whistler had already used her as a model for other paintings , among these Symphony in White , No. 1 and Symphony in White , No. 2 . Heffernan supposedly had a strong influence over Whistler ; his brother in law Francis Seymour Haden refused a dinner invitation in the winter of 1863 – 64 due to her dominant presence in the household .
In addition , leeches ( Placobdella multilineata and P. parasitica ) and parasitic flies ( Cistudinomyia cistudinis ) plague some individuals , causing blood loss and weakness . Their shells offer little protection from predators . The bog turtle 's main defense when threatened by an animal is to bury itself in soft mud . It rarely defends its territory or bites when approached . Bog turtles may suffer from bacterial infections . Aeromonas and Pseudomonas are two genera of bacteria that cause pneumonia in individuals . Bacterial aggregates ( sometimes known as biofilms ) have also been found in the lungs of two deceased specimens discovered in 1982 and 1995 from colonies in the southern population .
" Diva " is an R & B and hip hop song , which is composed in a moderate tempo in the key of E major . It carries a stuttering beat , which is accompanied by a slow rolling and heavy bass pumping groove with a jerky rhythm . The song marks a change of direction for Beyoncé ; she raps in candaces over a Roland TR 808 machine , kick drums , and less instruments than her usual tracks . As stated by Andy Kellman of Allmusic , " Diva " aurally resembles Beyoncé 's own 2006 songs " Freakum Dress " and " Ring the Alarm " .
The developers knew that for the story they wanted to " throw the player right in the action , with things he had to do without explanation " in addition to creating a sense of urgency and mystery for the player . They developed an initial draft of the game 's plot and gave it to script writer Sachie Hirano and scenario event planner Yukari Ishida to expand on . The returned version was very close to the initial vision for the game 's story . However , there were still difficulties in filling out the story , only achieving some smooth development about halfway through the process , and even then , there were still changes made just prior to creating the master image for the game .
The original home jersey was white with black and red stripes . The original ' away ' jersey was black , with white and red trim . Shoulder patches used a winged ' S ' ' established MDCCCXCIV ' ( 1894 ) logo . The League changed its policies on coloured and white jerseys and the white jersey became the away jersey . The club would use the white jersey with the original logo until the end of the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals . In 1998 , the Senators unveiled a new logo , taking the head , which had been in profile , and rotating it so that it was face first .
Their place on the O & AT was taken by two Metropolitan Railway A Class 4 4 0T locomotives numbered 23 and 41 , built by Beyer , Peacock and Company in 1866 and 1869 respectively . The A Class locomotives would alternate in service , each operating the route for a week . No. 41 was scrapped in 1936 , but No. 23 continued to be used by London Transport until 1948 , and is now preserved in the London Transport Museum . Details of the carriages and wagons used in the very early years of the Tramway are uncertain .
During the 1970 there were Bombay Bhiwandi riots . During the 1970s , coastal communication increased between Bombay and south western coast of India , after introduction of ships by the London based trade firm Shepherd . These ships facilitated the entry of Goan and Mangalorean Catholics to Bombay . Nehru Centre was established in 1972 at Worli in Bombay . The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA ) was set up on 26 January 1975 by the Government of Maharashtra as an apex body for planning and co ordination of development activities in the Mumbai metropolitan region . Nehru Science Centre , India 's largest interactive science centre , was established in 1972 at Worli in Bombay .
After Trenchard had retired from the RAF , he worked as a director of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company , largely disappearing from public life . However , in March 1931 , Ramsay MacDonald asked Trenchard to take the post of Metropolitan Police Commissioner , which after initially declining , Trenchard eventually accepted in October 1931 . Trenchard served as head of the Metropolitan Police until 1935 and during his tenure he instigated several changes . These included limiting membership of the Police Federation , introducing limited terms of employment and the creation of separate career paths for the lower and higher ranks akin to the military system of officer and non commissioned career streams .
Three of the four ships were launched in 1915 , but it was clear that Russian industry would not be able to complete them during the war , mostly because the turrets were seriously delayed . They were reclassified as 2nd rank projects by the Main Administration of Shipbuilding in 1916 . A number of plans were made for the post war completion of the ships , including modifying the turrets to load at a fixed angle of + 4 ° to reduce the weight and complexity of the loading equipment . Another intended change was to lengthen the funnels by 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) to minimise smoke interference with the bridge , as this had been noted as a problem on the Gangut class dreadnoughts .
Domingo Faustino Sarmiento stated similar views in his Facundo , and noted that cities were more receptive to republican ideas , while rural areas were more resistant to them , which led to the surge of caudillos . Another consequence , also according to Luna , was the dissolution of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata into several different units . Most of the cities and provinces had distinctive populations , economies , attitudes , contexts , and interests . Until the revolution , all of these peoples were held together by the authority of the Spanish government , but with its disappearance , people from Montevideo , Paraguay and the Upper Peru began to distance themselves from Buenos Aires .
Redevelopment work was carried out in the area ahead of the 2014 Commonwealth Games , in a scheme dubbed the ' Celtic Triangle ' . Since 2005 , statues of Brother Walfrid , Jimmy Johnstone and Jock Stein have been erected outside the Main Stand . Celtic have considered the possibility of increasing the capacity of Celtic Park by redeveloping the Main Stand . A completed two tier bowl stadium would give Celtic Park a capacity of nearly 75,000 . Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell stated in April 2007 that another 8,000 could be added to the capacity , but the work was not considered cost effective .
Four 12th century structures constructed according to this plan are extant : the Basaveshwara Temple at Basavana Bagevadi , the Ramesvara Temple at Devur and the temples at Ingleshwar and Yevur , all in the vicinity of the Kalyani region , where nagara temples were common . This plan came into existence in northern India only in the 11th century , a sign that architectural ideas traveled fast . A major development of this period was the appearance of stellate ( star shaped ) shrines in a few temples built of the traditional sandstone , such as the Trimurti Temple at Savadi , the Paramesvara Temple at Konnur and the Gauramma Temple at Hire Singgangutti .
In 1943 , the Kampfgruppe Auschwitz ( Combat Group Auschwitz ) was organized with the aim of sending out information about what was happening . Sonderkommandos buried notes in the ground , hoping they would be found by the camp 's liberators . The group also took and smuggled out photographs of corpses and preparations for mass killings in mid 1944 . The attitude of the Allies changed with receipt of the detailed , 32 page Vrba – Wetzler report , compiled by two Jewish prisoners , Rudolf Vrba and Alfréd Wetzler , who escaped on April 7 , 1944 .
The Indian historian Rajesh Kochhar , noting the East India Company 's support for Müller , commented that " Oxford professors may have had their own reasons for their assessment of him , but the Company and the natives both found him very relevant . " Despite his electoral defeat , he enjoyed a high reputation at Oxford and beyond : he " occupied a central role in the intellectual life of the nation " , according to Beckerlegge , and was " viewed by the world as a model of academic success " ( as Dowling puts it ) .
The derogatory term ' Bomber Mafia ' was used before and after World War II by those in the military who did not share their belief , and who were frustrated by the insistence of the men that the heavy bomber should take a primary position in planning and funding . After World War II , the 20 years of foundational work by the bomber mafia resulted in the separation of the United States Air Force from the Army to become an independent military arm . The bomber mafia 's strategic doctrine , changed by war and experience , helped shape the mission of the new Air Force and its Strategic Air Command .
Victoria fit in within the Russian aristocracy and the circle of her mother in law Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna . As French was frequently spoken in high circles , Victoria never completely mastered the Russian language . Although she was a first cousin of both Nicholas II , on her mother 's side , and to Empress Alexandra , on her father 's side , the relationship with them was neither close nor warm . As Kirill became a keen auto racer , the couple often took trips by car : a favorite pastime was traveling through the Baltic provinces .
In form ( 1 ) , where an injury does not amount to grievous bodily harm , intent to cause grievous bodily harm ( in the advancement of a different cause ) must be shown . Practically , the " virtual certainty " clause cannot come into force , since grievous bodily harm was not actually caused , by definition . In forms ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) , the concept of " malice " has a role to play that it does not in ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) . The defendant must foresee the risk of wounding or grievous bodily harm , where the core intent is to resist arrest .
The family hoped that the ranch would be returned after the war , but it was not , and in 1970 , the Army announced that it would be kept permanently . The McDonald Ranch House was empty and deteriorating until 1982 , when it was stabilized by the Army . In 1984 it was restored by the National Park Service to appear as it did on July 12 , 1945 . The site is now open to visitors once a year , on the first Saturday in April . The George McDonald Ranch House sits within an 85 by 85 foot ( 26 by 26 m ) low stone wall .
In the middle of December , under bad weather conditions , the Nazis launched an offensive in the Ardennes . The Luftwaffe caught many squadrons off guard . No. 410 Squadron enjoyed a number of successes during this period , some of them even on Christmas Day . During the Battle of the Bulge , the entire RAF Second Tactical Air Force , including No. 410 Squadron , was on 48 hour alert . Although the war was entering its final stages , the squadron still had to watch for anti aircraft artillery . The fighter squadrons continued to make advances until February , while waiting for the Canadian push through the Reichwald .
By the early 1960s the PKI and other leftist parties had the support of President Sukarno , giving them greater power ; PKI membership grew quickly in this period , aided by a hyperinflation and widespread poverty . On 1 October 1965 , a group of Indonesian National Armed Forces members calling themselves the 30 September Movement killed six Army generals and announced that the president was under their power ; the coup was quashed the following day . Contemporary reports indicated that the PKI had been behind the G30S , a position endorsed by the Indonesian government . As a result , hundreds of thousands of registered and suspected PKI members were killed or exiled over the following decade , effectively destroying the Party .
The transition in the puppets ' design has polarised critical opinion and drawn a mixed response from former production staff , although the series has been praised for its inclusion of a multinational , multiethnic puppet cast and its depiction of a utopian future Earth . Having decided to revive the series in the late 1990s , Gerry Anderson supervised the production of a computer animated reboot , Gerry Anderson 's New Captain Scarlet , which was broadcast in the UK in 2005 . In the pilot episode , a team of Zero X astronauts investigate the surface of Mars in 2068 after unidentified radio signals emanating from the planet are detected on Earth .
Animals escaped the city 's zoo after it was damaged in overnight bombing , and as a result , rhinoceroses , pelicans and flamingoes wandered around the next morning while people were sifting through the rubble . Bono was also inspired by Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station , also known as " Zoo station " , previously the main railway station in West Berlin . The station was notorious as a haunt for drug dealers , prostitutes and pimps , pick pockets and transients , particularly prior to German reunification , when it was run by the East German railway .
" Mr. Monk and the Candidate " was written by Andy Breckman and directed by Dean Parisot . When the episode first aired in the United States on the USA Network on July 12 , 2002 , it was watched by 4.8 million viewers . The episode was generally well received by critics , with most of the praise regarding Shalhoub 's performance as the title character . In the past , Adrian Monk ( Tony Shalhoub ) was a San Francisco Police Department 's investigator , but the death of his wife , Trudy , led him to develop depression , obsessive – compulsive disorder and multiple phobias .
" strength stones " ) ( also hakari ishi ( 秤石 , " weighing stones " ) or bijuru ( Okinawan ) ) are heavy rocks used at least since the 8th century CE in Japan to develop or demonstrate physical strength . Commonly found within Shinto shrines , they were used for competition , divination , physical fitness and entertainment ; some famous examples have also become tourist attractions , and many have been recognised as Important Cultural Assets by the Japanese Government . Competitive stone lifting is still continued in modern times , and a number of competitive forms of stone lifting exist , employing different physical techniques .
These powers place the President of the Maryland Senate among the strongest state legislature presiding officers in the country . Once legislation is introduced , it is passed to one of the standing committees of the Senate . There are six such committees . As a whole , the Maryland General Assembly has fewer standing committees than any other state legislature in the United States . Each committee has between 10 and 15 members . Four of the standing committees deal primarily with legislation ; the Budget and Taxation Committee , the Education , Health , and Environmental Affairs Committee , the Finance Committee , and the Judicial Proceedings Committee .
" Fuse editor Nicole James praised the apparent recurring trend of " how the group isn 't afraid to make fun of themselves . " James elaborated : " If it were any other boy band acting out the Monkees inspired hijinks in 1D 's new video " Live While We 're Young , " it would likely come off as super cheesy . But for these five guys , their sense of comfortable self awareness really comes through . " As of May 2016 , the video has over 460 million views.The music video also looks like similar to Big Time Rush 's song " Windows Down " music video One Direction performed the track along with songs of their debut album at the 2012 BBC Radio 1 Teen Awards ( 7 October ) .
It included a call to oriental communities adhering to Miaphysite theology to return to the Catholic Church . Orientales Ecclesias was issued in 1952 and addressed to the Eastern Churches , protesting the continued Stalinist persecution of the Church . Several Apostolic Letters were sent to the bishops in the East . On 13 May 1956 , Pope Pius addressed all bishops of the Eastern Rite . Mary , the mother of God , was the subject of encyclical letters to the people of Russia in Fulgens corona , as well as a papal letter to the people of Russia .
According to a reviewer in Choice , the poems in Oh Pray focus on themes of love , insight , and tension . They also focus on " the black condition celebrated triumphant over difficulties " . The reviewer finds some poems uneven , sometimes banal , also best if read aloud , and meant to " be reread and laughed over and thought about " . Reviewer James Finn Cotter states that this volume suffers from " the dangers of success " that happen when poets gain too much fame too soon . Gilbert blames Angelou 's publishers for capitalizing on her success as an autobiographer , stating that Oh Pray " ... is such a painfully untalented collection of poems that I can 't think of any reason other than the Maya myth for it to be in print " .
In June , Copeland created the small role of the Fairy Fleur de farine ( Wheat flower ) in Ratmansky 's The Sleeping Beauty . The same month , she made her debut in Romeo and Juliet on short notice a few days before her scheduled debut performance on June 20 . Later in June , Copeland made her New York debut in the Odette / Odile double role from Swan Lake that is described by Macauley as " the most epic role in world ballet " . Her performance at the Met was regarded as a success . Her performance in the role had been anticipated as a " a crowning achievement " in wide ranging media outlets and by a broad spectrum of fans and supporters .
Throughout the tournament , the American press labeled him Darth Federer for his all black attire ( which included tuxedo striped shorts ) and the tournament played The Imperial March from Star Wars when he was announced onto the court for each of his matches . He would close out the year with victories in Basel and the Year End Championships in Shanghai . He finished as the year end world No. 1 for the fourth year in a row , demonstrating his dominance , and during these four years he won 11 Grand Slam singles titles . After his phenomenal triple Grand Slam season yet again , Federer became the only player in history to win three Majors in a year for three years ( 2004 , 2006 , 2007 ) .
In October 1896 , the CPF fenced off the land from the rest of the park , and announced that it intended to lease the land for building purposes , unless the authorities were willing to purchase the land for £ 12,000 ( about £ 1.3 million as of 2016 ) . The City of London had few open spaces , and the proposal to build on the north of the park was extremely unpopular with local residents , workers and social reformers . Henry Fitzalan Howard , the Postmaster General , persuaded the Government to contribute £ 5,000 towards the cost , and the clergy of St Botolph 's Aldersgate launched an appeal in The Times for the remaining funds .
Moderate breeze embedded with gusts to 28 mph ( 44 km / h ) brushed Dominica , and 1.25 in ( 32 mm ) of rain fell at Canefield Airport within 24 hours of Cindy 's passage . Further south , a weather station in Saint Lucia recorded 1.88 in ( 48 mm ) of precipitation , as well as light winds . As Cindy passed south of the Virgin Islands , unsettled seas and minor beach erosion affected the islands ' southern shores , with swells of 4 to 5 ft ( 1.2 to 1.5 m ) reported at Saint Croix .
Aiming to disrupt the Dutch right , Verdugo then charged ahead of Frate 's Albanian company and that of Baron de Bievres . The Dutch horse , disorganized by the musketry fire , could not resist Verdugo 's rush and turned back , breaking the order , in turn , of the English foot standing behind . To capitalize on this success , Verdugo ordered his foot to follow up the victory . Unaware of the Spanish success on the other side of the field , the English infantry continued pressing back the Spanish right flank until they reached the Spanish camp .
She thereafter went to German East Africa , where she was stationed until 1898 . She returned to Germany briefly for a modernization in 1898 – 1899 , before being assigned to the South Seas Station in German New Guinea . During her tour in the Pacific , she participated in the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion in Qing China in 1900 . Her assignment in the Pacific was interrupted by the 1905 Maji Maji Rebellion in German East Africa , which prompted the German Navy to send Seeadler there . Seeadler remained in East Africa for the next nine years , returning to Germany finally in January 1914 .
She followed that up with a second 78 on Friday for 156 ( + 16 ) and missed the cut by seven strokes . She then walked the course as a fan that Sunday . She scheduled an appearance in the July U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links in DuPont , Washington next . Li shot 74 and 70 to qualify for match play where she lost to Alice Chen in sudden death of the first round after posting a stroke play equivalent of a 71 . She did not schedule any other USGA events in 2014 , deciding instead to play local events and be an 11 year old .
There was a change of direction with the fourth advert which appeared on 14 August 1993 , reading : " ABANDON ALL ART NOW . Major rethink in progress . Await further announcements . " The next ad ( 28 August 1993 ) read : " It has come to our attention that you did not abandon all art now . Further direct action is thus necessary . The K Foundation announce the ' mutha of all awards ' , the 1994 K Foundation award for the worst artist of the year . " It then went on to detail how a shortlist of four artists had been chosen , and that they would be exhibited in the Tate Gallery .
As in all oryzomyines , the squamosal bone lacks a suspensory process that contacts the tegmen tympani , the roof of the tympanic cavity , but Lundomys is unusual in that the squamosal and the tegmen tympani usually overlap when viewed from the side . In the mandible , the angular and coronoid processes are less well developed than in Holochilus . The capsular process of the lower incisor , a slight raising of the mandibular bone at the back end of the incisor , near the coronoid process , is small . The two masseteric ridges , to which some of the chewing muscles are attached , are entirely separate , joining only at their anterior edges , which are located below the first molar .
Buffalo supplanted the New York Knicks as Boston 's closest competitor in the Atlantic foursome with 49 wins and 33 losses . Buffalo boasted high scoring super star Bob McAdoo , who posted a 34.5 scoring average to lead the NBA , while making more field goals than any other player . He also led in minutes played , while also ranking among the best rebounders and shot blockers in the league . McAdoo also earned 798 free throw tries , another league high , converting 81 % of his attempts . The Braves lost reigning NBA Rookie of the Year Ernie DiGregorio to a knee injury that limited him to 31 games , watched former Laker Jim McMillian battle illness that caused him to miss 20 games , and also lost Gar Heard for 15 games , which dropped the team from the elite and put more of the load on their star .
This mission had a crew of five , with three mission specialists . It was the second mission ( after STS 7 ) to fly with a crew of five , the largest carried by a single spacecraft up to that date . The crew was historically notable for the participation of Guion " Guy " Bluford , who became the first African American to fly in space . The commander , Truly , was the only veteran astronaut of the crew , having flown as the pilot on STS 2 in 1981 and for two of the Approach and Landing Tests aboard Enterprise in 1977 .
Before the Taylor report and the era of all seater stadiums in Britain , both the North Bank and Clock End consisted of terracing , and the stadium often saw crowds of up to 60,000 or more ; its largest attendance was 73,295 on 9 March 1935 when Arsenal played Sunderland in the First Division ; the game finished 0 – 0 . When the ground was initially constructed , it was to " accommodate 90,000 spectators " . The Clock End was redeveloped in 1988 / 89 with the addition of a roof and 48 executive boxes [ 4 ] , while seating was fitted into the remaining standing area in 1993 .
On 8 September 2012 , Minogue headlined at the Proms in the Park event in Hyde Park , London , to promote her orchestral compilation album The Abbey Road Sessions . At the event , she sang the orchestral version of " All the Lovers " , which was included as the opening track of the album . Beginning from early 2011 , Minogue embarked on the Aphrodite : Les Folies Tour to promote Aphrodite . " All the Lovers " was included in the encore segment of the setlist and was the last performance of the shows . During the performances of the song , Minogue stood atop a rotating " three tiered cake stage " , which was " layered " with her back up dancers , as fountains and " swirling near naked dancers spinning on harnesses " surrounded her .
One departure rumor became reality when defensive line coach Jackie Shipp resigned to take the same position at the University of Oklahoma . Shipp 's departure left the Crimson Tide without a defensive line coach , and Alabama head coach Mike DuBose filled the vacancy for the Music City Bowl . In the days prior to the game , both teams had to cope with harsh winter weather in the Nashville area . Virginia Tech was forced to move practices indoors when an ice storm arrived on the day before Christmas . The storm caused travel delays for fans and players alike .
The embassy remained two months in Acapulco and entered Mexico City on 24 March , where it was received with great ceremony . The ultimate mission for the embassy was to go on to Europe . The embassy spent some time in Mexico , and then went to Veracruz to board the fleet of Don Antonio Oquendo . Chimalpahin gives some account of the visit of Hasekura . " This is the second time that the Japanese have landed one of their ships on the shore at Acapulco . They are transporting here all things of iron , and writing desks , and some cloth that they are to sell here .
During its seven year history , awards were presented to Charles M. Brotman for Slack Key Guitar : Volume 2 , producers Daniel Ho , Paul Konwiser and Wayne Wong for Masters of Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar : Volume One , the same production team plus George Kahumoku , Jr. for Legends of Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar : Live from Maui in 2007 followed by Treasures of Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar in 2008 , and Masters of Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar : Volume 2 in 2010 , Tia Carrere and Ho for Ikena , and Carrere for Huana Ke Aloha in 2011 .
As Very later explained , " I felt within me a new will ... it was not a feeling of my own but a sensible will that was not my own ... These two consciousnesses , as I may call them , continued with me " . In August 1837 , while traveling by train , he was suddenly overcome with terror at its speed until he realized he was being " borne along by a divine engine and undertaking his life journey " . As he told Henry Ware , Jr . , professor of pulpit eloquence and pastoral care at Harvard Divinity School , divine inspiration helped him suddenly understand the twenty fourth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew and that Christ was having his Second Coming within him .
Sir Charles Williams of Monmouthshire , south Wales , paid £ 200 towards the final bill of £ 211 . The architectural historian Giles Worsley has described the chapel 's east window as an instance of Gothic Revival architecture , rather than Gothic Survival , since a choice was made to use an outdated style – classical architecture had become accepted as " the only style in which it was respectable to build " . The window has seven main sections ( " lights " ) topped with five headed flower shapes , or cinquefoils , and tracery running vertically .
Although Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder , who was raised in Evanston , Illinois and later San Diego County , California , is closely associated with Seattle grunge music , he has been a lifelong Chicago Cubs fan . He has performed the song " Take Me Out to the Ball Game " during the seventh inning stretch at several Cubs games and thrown out the ceremonial first pitch at Wrigley Field . His first seventh inning stretch performance had been on Independence Day ( July 4 ) 1998 . Vedder has attended the Cubs fantasy camp for several years .
After being sentenced to death , he escaped from prison and disappeared for years . According to a St. Thomas resident , on February 12 , 1825 the pirates retaliated by setting fire to a town on the island . That week , the Neptune captured a Danish schooner belonging to W. Furniss ( a company based in Saint Thomas ) off the Ponce coast with a load of imported merchandise . After the assault , Cofresí and his crew abandoned the ship at sea . Later seen floating with broken masts , it was presumed lost . Some time later Cofresí and his crew boarded another ship owned by the company near Guayama , again plundering and abandoning it .
As a brigadier general , Capper was first made deputy inspector of the lines of communication before being given the post of Chief Engineer to the Third Corps . In July 1915 he was promoted to major general and made chief engineer of the British Third Army . In October , following the deaths of several senior officers at the Battle of Loos , including Capper 's younger brother Major General Sir Thompson Capper , he was promoted to overall command of the 24th Division . Capper remained in command of the division for the next 18 months , including periods of heavy fighting at the Battle of the Somme , in which his son John was killed in action serving with the Royal Artillery .
Landis 's courtroom , room 627 in the Chicago Federal Building , was ornate and featured two murals ; one of King John conceding Magna Carta , the other of Moses about to smash the tablets of the Ten Commandments . The mahogany and marble chamber was , according to Landis biographer David Pietrusza , " just the spot for Landis 's sense of the theatrical . In it he would hold court for nearly the next decade and a half . " According to Spink , " It wasn 't long before Chicago writers discovered they had a ' character ' on the bench .
Imperial General Headquarters decided to resume attacks on Allied bombers from late June , but by this time there were too few fighters available for this change of tactics to have any effect . The number of fighters assigned to the Air General Army peaked at just over 500 during June and July , but most frontline units had relatively few serviceable aircraft . During the last weeks of the war Superfortresses were able to operate with near impunity owing to the weakness of the Japanese air defenses ; LeMay later claimed that during this period " it was safer to fly a combat mission over Japan than it was to fly a B 29 training mission back in the United States " .
Monaco : What 's Yours Is Mine received positive reception from critics , garnering " generally favorable reviews " for both the PC and Xbox 360 release . The Xbox 360 release sold poorly . Andy Schatz believed this was due to the weak demo , the delayed release and the bugs that were related to the multiplayer mode . Reviewers highly praised the co op mode but many disliked the single player modes . Danielle Riendeau ( Polygon ) liked the gameplay of Monaco , stating it was very fun with other people , but it seemed like single player needed work .
I needed to be rejected , and I needed to learn that it 's part of the game ... I can have 100 rejections , but I 'm sure there 's going to be one particular thing that is almost destined for me to have . " In 2007 , Pinto 's modeling agency selected her and six other models to audition for the female lead in Danny Boyle 's film Slumdog Millionaire ( 2008 ) after a request by its casting director . After undergoing six months of extensive auditions , Pinto won the role of Latika , the love interest of the main character Jamal , played by Dev Patel .
From the first appearance of calcium – aluminium rich inclusions ( the first solid matter in the Solar System , forming about 4.567 billion years ago ) , a likely time line is as follows : Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner . Because of this , some scientists refer to Vesta as a protoplanet . However , the presence of iron meteorites and achondritic meteorite classes without identified parent bodies indicates that there once were other differentiated planetesimals with igneous histories , which have since been shattered by impacts . On the basis of the sizes of V type asteroids ( thought to be pieces of Vesta 's crust ejected during large impacts ) , and the depth of Rheasilvia crater ( see below ) , the crust is thought to be roughly 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) thick .
The Brazilian constitution of 1988 called for a general vote on the restoration of the monarchy , which was held in 1993 . The royalists went to the polls divided , with the press indicating there were actually two princes aspiring to the Brazilian throne ( Dom Luiz de Orleans e Bragança and Dom João Henrique ) ; this created some confusion among the voters . Voting tickets further divided the electorate by placing one box for a presidential republic on the ballot and four for a monarchy . Additional anti monarchial sentiment was generated by several aggressive television commercials claiming that a vote for monarchy would be a vote for the return of slavery for blacks and a loss of Brazil 's recent return to democracy after decades of military dictatorship .
Construction of Mirabeau began on 8 May 1906 by the Arsenal de Lorient and the ship was laid down on 4 May 1908 . She was launched on 28 October 1909 and was completed on 1 August 1911 . Mirabeau , together with four of her sisters , participated in a large naval review by the President of France , Armand Fallières , off Cap Brun on 4 September 1911 . The ship was assigned to the Second Division of the First Squadron ( escadre ) of the Mediterranean Fleet when she was commissioned . The ship participated in combined fleet maneuvers between Provence and Tunisia in May – June 1913 and the subsequent naval review conducted by the President of the Council , Raymond Poincaré , on 7 June 1913 .
" She sings " Make You Feel My Love " . Later in the episode , she states that Finn was her person and that they were always going to be together . Later in the season , it is revealed that she got a tattoo of Finn 's name ( despite telling Kurt that she chickened out when they went to the tattoo shop ) . Rachel hires Santana to be her publicist , which leads her to take on a charitable cause with a local rescue kennel . She performs with Mercedes and Santana on stage for the benefit , ' Broadway Bitches ' , but the publicity stunt goes wrong when the dogs pull her down and drag her for several blocks .
In early 1994 , Ranariddh established the Cambodian Development Council ( CDC ) to encourage foreign investment , and served as its chairperson . The Malaysian Prime Minister , Mahathir Mohamad , supported Ranariddh 's plans , and encouraged Malaysian businessmen to invest and assist in developing the tourism , infrastructural development and telecommunications industries . As the chairman of the CDC , Ranariddh gave his approval to at least 17 business contracts submitted by Malaysian businessmen between August 1994 and January 1995 . The projects mostly covered infrastructural development , and included construction of a racing track , power plants and petrol stations .
This was true to his convictions of the time , during a phase in his career where he was convinced in the plausibility of guild socialism . ( Sledd 1994 ; Russell 1918 ) Russell , a famous logician and epistemologist , had many side interests in history , politics , and social philosophy . The paradigmatic public intellectual , Russell wrote prolifically in the latter topics to a wide and receptive audience . As one scholar writes , " Russell 's prolific output spanned the whole range of philosophical and political thought , and he has probably been more widely read in his own lifetime than any other philosopher in history " .
Jake Long was nominated for Rookie of the Week in the tenth week of the 2008 season , but lost out to Broncos WR Eddie Royal . Other players who were nominated for rookie of the week that same week were Matt Ryan , Benjarvus Green Ellis , and Joe Flacco . At the end of the season , Long was selected to nine All rookie teams by Pro Football Writers Association , Draft.com , Draftsinders.com , Draftseason.com , Sports Network , Fannation , Sporting News , Scout.com and Ourlads Scouting Service . On January 20 , 2009 , Long was selected to the 2009 Pro Bowl , replacing Jason Peters for the AFC 's squad .
The discovery of the minigame caused California State Assemblyman Leland Yee to rebuke both Rockstar and the ESRB , arguing that the ESRB was not doing its job properly . US Senators Hillary Clinton and Joe Lieberman also expressed their disapproval . Rockstar initially claimed that the minigame was created by the mod community and was not a part of the original game . This was disproven when it was discovered that a third party cheat device could be used to unlock the " Hot Coffee " scenes in console versions of the game . Following an investigation , the ESRB changed its rating from M to AO , setting a precedent that games can be re rated due to the presence of pertinent content that exists on the game 's disc , even if that content is programmed to not be playable without modification or unauthorized use of a third party cheat device .
At 8 : 30pm that night , the men of the Imperial Guards Division began the crossing from Johor in special armoured landing crafts , collapsible boats and by swimming . In the early hours of 10 February , Japanese forces suffered their heaviest losses during the Battle of Singapore . While moving up the Kranji River , advance landing parties from the 4th Regiment of the Imperial Guard Division found themselves under heavy fire from Australian machine gunners and mortar teams . They also found themselves surrounded by oil slicks , which had been created by Allied personnel emptying the nearby Woodlands oil depot , to prevent its capture .
For many years , Boletus pinophilus was considered a subspecies or form of the porcini mushroom B. edulis . In 2008 , B. pinophilus in western North America were reclassified as a new species , Boletus rex veris . Boletus pinophilus is edible , and may be preserved and cooked . The fungus grows predominantly in coniferous forests , forming symbiotic ectomycorrhizal associations with living trees by enveloping the tree 's underground roots with sheaths of fungal tissue . The fungus produces spore bearing fruit bodies above ground in summer and autumn . The large , edible fruiting bodies known as mushrooms appear under pine trees , generally in summer and autumn .
There may be 6 – 8 orange , brown , or blackish variably shaped saddles along the back and tail , edged more or less obviously in black . There may also be white spots within or within and between the saddles . The range of the dark shyshark is restricted to the coastal waters of southern Africa , from north of Lüderitz in southern Namibia to east of the Storms River mouth in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa . It is abundant , particularly west of Cape Agulhas . This species is a bottom dweller found close inshore , from the intertidal zone to a depth of 35 m ( 115 ft ) .
is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen . The album saw the departure of bassist Les Pattinson from the group , partly due to disagreements with vocalist Ian McCulloch ; McCulloch and the remaining band member , guitarist Will Sergeant , subsequently recorded the record with session musicians . The London Metropolitan Orchestra provided backing music and the American alternative hip hop band Fun Lovin ' Criminals appeared as guest musicians on two tracks . The album was produced by Alan Douglas and Echo & the Bunnymen and it was recorded at various locations throughout England .
( Levett 's settlement also failed , and the fate of Weston 's men is uncertain . ) Due to the fighting at Wessagusset , Plymouth trade with the Indians was devastated for years . Local tribes which had previously been favorable to Plymouth , began to forge bonds with other tribes in defense against the English . This latent hostility would eventually boil over during the Pequot War and later , King Philip 's War . Historians differ on whether the conflict could have been avoided or the colony saved . Some historians saw the preemptive strike as a necessary one , " saving the lives of hundreds " , while others see it as a sad misunderstanding .
For much of their rule , the city was desolate in the Mamluk period between the 13th and 16th centuries . Information from this period is scarce . During Mamluk rule in the 14th century , al Idrisi wrote that Haifa served as the port for Tiberias and featured a " fine harbor for the anchorage of galleys and other vessels . In 1596 , Haifa appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in the Nahiya of Sahil Atlit of the Liwa of Lajjun . It had a population of 32 Muslim households and paid taxes on wheat , barley , summercrops , olives , and goats or beehives .
These quickly broke , and Vanderwatt referred Pistorius to American prosthetist and Paralympic sprinter Brian Frasure to be fitted for carbon fibre blades by Icelandic company Össur . Pistorius ' participation in able bodied international sprinting competitions in 2007 raised questions about his use of running blades , and the IAAF amended their rules to ban the use of " any technical device that incorporates springs , wheels or any other element that provides a user with an advantage over another athlete not using such a device . " After initial studies , Pistorius was ruled ineligible for competitions under these IAAF rules .
The amount of solar radiation reaching the ground , as well as the formation of cloud droplets occur on the molecular scale , and so they must be parameterized before they can be included in the model . Atmospheric drag produced by mountains must also be parameterized , as the limitations in the resolution of elevation contours produce significant underestimates of the drag . This method of parameterization is also done for the surface flux of energy between the ocean and the atmosphere , in order to determine realistic sea surface temperatures and type of sea ice found near the ocean 's surface .
Robert Grosvenor , 1st Baron Ebury , whose Watford and Rickmansworth Railway had opened in 1862 , proposed extensions from Rickmansworth to Chesham and Aylesbury , but failed to attract funding and abandoned the scheme . To the north of Chesham , the London and North Western Railway ( LNWR ) promoted a railway link between the Great Northern Railway station at Harpenden and the LNWR 's station at Boxmoor , which would run on to terminate at Chesham . The LNWR baulked at the cost of the earthworks necessary to reach Chesham and the southern stage of the proposal was abandoned ; the line between Harpenden and Boxmoor eventually opened in 1877 .
Since the boy 's maternal grandfather was also named Edward , from early childhood he was called by his middle name , Gough , which in turn had come from his paternal grandfather , who had been named after the British soldier Field Marshal Hugh Gough , 1st Viscount Gough . In 1918 , Fred Whitlam was promoted to deputy Crown solicitor and transferred to Sydney . The family lived first in the North Shore suburb of Mosman and then in Turramurra . At age six , Gough began his education at Chatswood Church of England Girls ' School ( early primary schooling at a girls ' school was not unusual for small boys at the time ) .
While comparing the prices of the domestic beers , we found that Pabst was cheapest at $ 33 per keg . The club gained popularity , and Pabst became the drink of choice . On Tuesdays , Pabst was sold at the full price of $ 1.75 , but there was no cover to see the bands . Things kept getting busier . It was suggested that Thursdays become a ' beer bust , ' where a patron could get unlimited Pabst between opening at 6 pm and 8 pm , when the room was cleared for the show . By this time , perhaps mid 1996 , EJ 's had achieved some recognition from touring bands and had a steady influx of national talent , which again increased sales .
The first Life of Guthlac , written by the monk Felix , appeared soon after Guthlac 's death . Nothing is known about Felix , although Bertram Colgrave has observed that he was a good scholar who evidently had access to works by Bede and Aldhelm , to a Life of Saint Fursey and Latin works by Saint Jerome , Saint Athanasius and Gregory the Great . Felix was either an East Anglian or was living in the kingdom when he wrote the book , which was written at the request of Ælfwald . In the Life , Felix portrays Æthelbald 's exile at Crowland and asserts Ælfwald 's right to rule in East Anglia .
In order to reach Vaslui , where the Moldavian army had its main camp , they needed to cross Podul Înalt over the Bârlad River . The bridge was made of wood and not suitable for heavy transportation of troops . Stephen chose that area for the battle – the same location where his father , Bogdan II , had defeated the Poles in 1450 ; and where he , at an age of 17 , had fought side by side with Vlad ' the Impaler ' . The area was ideal for the defenders : the valley was a semi oval surrounded on all sides by hills covered by forest .
Hakim is also a documentary filmmaker . She has made a documentary on the Indonesian UNESCO World Heritage Sites , and in 2011 produced a documentary on autism to " educate the public " that was released to coincide with World Autism Awareness Day . As of May 2011 , she is producing a documentary on the Dayak people of Kalimantan . She is considering making a fiction film based on their culture . Beginning in the early 2000s , Hakim became an activist , with a focus on education . After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , she went on numerous humanitarian trips to Aceh .
Meanwhile , a deputation from the Roman Senate met with the rulers and renewed its infrequent contact with the imperial office . The emperors would not meet again until 303 . Following Maximian 's failure to invade in 289 , an uneasy truce with Carausius began . Maximian tolerated Carausius ' rule in Britain and on the continent but refused to grant the secessionist state formal legitimacy . For his part , Carausius was content with his territories beyond the Continental coast of Gaul . Diocletian , however , would not tolerate this affront to his rule . Faced with Carausius ' secession and further challenges on the Egyptian , Syrian , and Danubian borders , he realized that two emperors were insufficient to manage the Empire .
During this time , she became involved with liberal Democratic politics and " fell in with a literary set of young writers and editors who gathered at the West Side apartment of Partisan Review editor William Phillips " . Some of this " notable group " included Jason Epstein and Norman Mailer . In 1956 , after many years of depression , Joan Ganz 's father committed suicide at his home in Phoenix . While working for the U.S. Steel Hour , a colleague left to work for the educational television station WGBH TV in Boston ; her reaction was life changing : " What ?
In contrast , Cochise County Sheriff Johnny Behan was generally sympathetic to the interests of the rural ranchers and Cowboys . In that time and region , the term cowboy generally meant an outlaw . Legitimate cowmen were referred to as cattle herders or ranchers . Many of the supporting facts about the events leading up to the gunfight and details of the gunfight itself are uncertain . Newspapers of the day were not above taking sides , and news reporting often editorialized on issues to reflect the publisher 's interests . John Clum , publisher of The Tombstone Epitaph , had helped organize a " Committee of Safety " ( a vigilance committee ) in Tombstone in late September 1881 .
Under section 27A ( 1 ) of the Miscellaneous Offences ( Public Order and Nuisance ) Act , it is an offence to appears nude in a public place , or in a private place and is exposed to public view . The penalty is a fine not exceeding $ 2,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both . The reference in sub section ( 1 ) to a person appearing nude includes a person who is clad in such a manner as to offend against public decency or order . The Penal Code states the elements and penalties of common criminal offences such as homicide , theft and cheating , and also sets out general principles of criminal law in Singapore .
After their surrender , Caesar sent the Helvetii home , according them the status of foederati or Roman allies , but not yet ( as has previously been believed ) fully subjugating them to Roman sovereignty . Caesar 's policy aimed at controlling the territory west of the Jura and Rhine , as well as at blocking the potential incursion routes from the East along the Jura . The Raetians , described as savage warriors by Strabo , continued to launch incursions into the Swiss Plateau and also had to be contained . To that end , Caesar charged the Helvetii and the Rauraci with defending their territory and established two colonies of veterans – one , the Colonia Julia Equestris ( now Nyon ) on the shores of Lake Geneva and the other through Lucius Munatius Plancus in northwestern Switzerland , preceding the larger Augusta Raurica founded by Augustus in around 6 AD .
In October 2014 , media reports indicated that Israel 's deferment or cancelling of its V 22 procurement due to budget restraints and changing policies . In December 2014 , the Letter of Agreement offering a $ 400 million discount and early delivery formally expired , the Defense Minister having decided to wait until elections in March 2015 to push for approval from a new cabinet . In 2012 , former Defense Minister Satoshi Morimoto ordered an investigation of the costs of V 22 operations . The V 22 exceeds current Japan Self Defense Forces helicopters in terms of range , speed , and payload .
Coke was very proud of his actions in this case and later described it in his Reports as " an excellent point of learning in actions of slander " . The next year he was elected Reader of Lyon 's Inn for three years , something surprising considering his young age and likely related to his conduct in Lord Cromwell 's Case . As Reader he was tasked with reading to the students at the Inn , a group that numbered about thirty at any one time , and the quality of his readings increased his reputation even further . His lectures were on the Statute of Uses , and his reputation was such that when he retired to his house after an outbreak of the plague , " nine Benchers , forty barristers , and others of the Inn accompanied him a considerable distance on his journey " in order to talk to him .
The bed was once the king 's personal bed and was kept inside the Phra Thinang Phiman Rattaya ; however once it was no longer used it was transferred to the Dusit Maha Prasat Throne Hall . The bed is in the form of a high platform with many layers , and small steps leading to the top . When royal ceremonies are carried out within the throne hall , member of the royal family take their seat in the southern transept , while government officials sit to the north , Buddhist monks to the east ; the funeral urn is to the west .
Another actinium isotope ( 225Ac ) was transiently present in the neptunium series decay chain , beginning with 237Np ( or 233U ) and ending with thallium ( 205Tl ) and near stable bismuth ( 209Bi ) , but this chain existed only in the early Solar System , due to the short half life of neptunium 237 . The low natural concentration , and the close similarity of physical and chemical properties to those of lanthanum and other lanthanides , which are always abundant in actinium bearing ores , render separation of actinium from the ore impractical , and complete separation was never achieved .
Observations on subsequent nights showed that the positions of these " stars " relative to Jupiter were changing in a way that would have been inexplicable if they had really been fixed stars . On 10 January , Galileo noted that one of them had disappeared , an observation which he attributed to its being hidden behind Jupiter . Within a few days , he concluded that they were orbiting Jupiter : he had discovered three of Jupiter 's four largest satellites ( moons ) . He discovered the fourth on 13 January . Galileo named the group of four the Medicean stars , in honour of his future patron , Cosimo II de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , and Cosimo 's three brothers .
In August 2009 , VH1 Classic aired music videos from the TV special Around The Beatles ( 1964 ) , Help ! ( 1965 ) , and a music video of the " Birthday " gameplay footage , promoting the launch of The Beatles Rock Band online store . This store was also launched by several segments held on the home shopping channel , QVC , for the game , the Beatles ' remastered albums , and other related products ; several Harmonix employees were present to demonstrate the game . A video advertisement for the game featuring the song " Come Together " premiered on 28 August 2009 .
The Joshua Tree became the fastest selling album in British chart history , and topped the Billboard 200 in the United States for nine consecutive weeks . The first two singles , " With or Without You " and " I Still Haven 't Found What I 'm Looking For " , quickly became the group 's first number one hits in the US . They became the fourth rock band to be featured on the cover of Time magazine , which called them " Rock 's Hottest Ticket " . The album won U2 their first two Grammy Awards , and it brought them a new level of success .
A small explosive plant was established at Los Alamos known as Site S , as it was a former sawmill . Groves was appalled at the work practices and safety at Site S , and considered it only a matter of time before it blew up . On Parsons ' recommendation , Groves decided to establish a pilot plant at NOTS , because Caltech had experience in building and operating pilot ordnance plants . He had some misgivings about this , because he thought that the Navy might err too far on the side of workplace safety . Groves and Parsons met with Lauritsen and Bruce Sage , who had built the China Lake Pilot Plant where the rockets were made , and it was agreed that Caltech would build and operate the plant .
The WordD released the single , " You 're Gonna Make Me " , and also recorded several unissued songs such as " Today is Tomorrow 's Yesterday " . The Penthouse 5 , from Oak Cliff , a suburb od Dallas , recorded twp singles beginning with " Bad Girl " in 1966 and followed by a version of the WordD 's " You 're Gonna Make Me " in 1967 . Fort Worth had perhaps the most active scene in Texas , and was the home to popular venues such as Teen a Go Go and Panther Hall .
The marriage was a great surprise and the Earl of Essex complained that it was an " unhappy choice " . In the face of tittle tattle that had reached even France , Lady Leicester — she continued to be styled thus — explained her choice with being a defenceless widow ; like her marriage to Leicester , the union proved to be a " genuinely happy " one . Some 60 years later it was claimed in a satirical poem that she had poisoned the Earl of Leicester on his deathbed , thereby forestalling her own murder at his hands , because he had found out about her supposed lover , Sir Christopher Blount .
The next Spica character is Yaya Nanto , a rebellious girl who is Hikari 's best friend and roommate in the dormitory . In the anime , she is very much enamored with Hikari , but Hikari sees her as a friend ; in the manga , Yaya is not a prominent character . Both she and Hikari are members of the St. Spica Choir . Hikari meets an older girl named Amane Ohtori early on in the story who is seen much like a prince from a fairy tale by other Spica students due to often riding a white horse named Star Bright .
The first official Keeper of the Register was William J. Murtagh , an architectural historian . During the Register 's earliest years in the late 1960s and early 1970s , organization was lax and SHPOs were small , understaffed , and underfunded . However , funds were still being supplied for the Historic Preservation Fund to provide matching grants in aid to listed property owners , first for house museums and institutional buildings , but later for commercial structures as well . A few years later in 1979 , the NPS history programs affiliated with both the U.S. National Parks system and the National Register were categorized formally into two " Assistant Directorates .
Notable differences include the redesigned upper dashboard portion and restyled centre console , plus the substitution of the Australian Camry 's hand operated parking brake with a foot operated equivalent ( as shared with the Camry for Japan and North America ) . The reasoning behind this component sharing strategy was to reduce costs and to allow the car to be built alongside the Camry , thus simplifying the manufacturing process . Toyota claims that the Aurion is designed to Australian tastes , although it has been designed with markets such as Asia in mind . Hogios states that the Aurion follows the traits of current Australian styling , with a tendency to look towards European designs for inspiration .
The union 's next tactic , in November 1989 , was to disclaim any interest in representing NFL players in collective bargaining and to reform itself as a professional organization . Having done that , individual players , led by Freeman McNeil of the New York Jets , brought a new antitrust action , challenging the NFL 's so called " Plan B " free agency , which gave teams a right of first refusal to sign a player , as an unlawful practice under the antitrust acts . The players ultimately prevailed after a jury trial on their claims .
All volumes cover a total of 5131 pages , with texts on various subjects written by 918 contributors . Its primary goal was to inform the Greek speaking public within the Ottoman Empire and in the diaspora . Moreover , in favouring the views of Adamantios Korais it reflected the style of other European periodicals of that era . It reviewed developments in arts and sciences and was an important channel for bringing contemporary intellectual movements to the attention of the Ottoman ruled Greeks . Additionally , it reproduced catalogues of European scientific books , and exhorted Greek scholars to translate and publish them , like those of Louis Jacques Thénard .
A few hours later Grahame White was made aware of Paulhan 's departure , and immediately set off in pursuit . The next morning , after an unprecedented night time take off , he almost caught up with Paulhan , but his aeroplane was overweight and he was forced to concede defeat . Paulhan reached Manchester early on 28 April , winning the challenge . Both aviators celebrated his victory at a special luncheon held at the Savoy Hotel in London . The event marked the first long distance aeroplane race in England , the first take off of a heavier than air machine at night , and the first powered flight into Manchester from outside the city .
Amnesty International reports that in 2009 in Croatia there was an increase in the number of physical attacks and murders of journalists . The incidents were mainly perpetrated against journalists investigating war crimes and organised crime . As of October 2011 , there are nine nationwide free to air DVB T television channels , with Croatian Radiotelevision ( HRT ) , Nova TV and RTL Televizija operating two of the channels each , and the remaining three operated by the Croatian Olympic Committee , Kapital Net d.o.o. and Author d.o.o. companies . In addition there are 21 regional or local DVB T television channels .
Other critics cited Guerrero 's simple , inventive style and sound for the album as one of its better qualities . Bill Campbell of Ink 19 called the album an " exemplary album ... 100 % soul " . He also commended Guerrero 's musicality , " he constructs heartfelt music with a complexity few can pull off successfully " , as well as his guitar playing , as Campbell wrote " his guitar work is subtle and works the spaces between the beats marvelously " . Canadian radio station CKUA ranked the album number 93 on its Best of 2003 Chart .
Expressing the dissatisfaction in their lives , Puck , Finn , Terri , customer Sandy Ryerson ( Stephen Tobolowsky ) , and employee Howard Bamboo ( Kent Avenido ) perform " Loser " in a dream sequence . Terri finds that Finn reminds her of Will , and befriends him , helping him with his funk assignment . Jesse further breaks Rachel 's ( Lea Michele ) heart when he lures her to the parking lot , where he and the other Vocal Adrenaline members throw eggs at her , which leaves Rachel distraught . The male New Directions members , led by Puck , are talked out of violent retaliation by Will , and instead the group performs " Give Up the Funk " to show Vocal Adrenaline that they have not been defeated by their bullying .
Set between the events of Halo 2 and Halo 3 , players take control of elite human soldiers called Orbital Drop Shock Troopers ( ODST ) . The game was released on September 22 , 2009 . Announced at E3 2009 , Halo : Reach is a prequel to the main trilogy and Bungie 's last Halo game . Players control Noble Six , a " Hyper Lethal Vector " who is one of the members of the Spartan squad " Noble Team " as they defend Reach against the Covenant . The ending of the game leads directly into the events of Combat Evolved .
Former Powderfinger member , Fanning worked on his second solo album Departures during late 2012 in Los Angeles with Joe Chiccarelli producing . It was released in June the following year and peaked at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart . Middleton had relocated to Melbourne and worked with Red Door Sounds ' Paul Annison – producer of Children Collide 's album , Monument ( April 2012 ) . In December that year Middleton revealed that " I ’ m halfway through a new record " . Middleton 's album , Translations , was released independently in November 2013 .
He credited Kucan with " taking ragtag group of people who had no business in front of a camera and making something reasonably good . " To replace the spice from Dune II , the team introduced Tiberium , which was inspired by the 1957 B movie The Monolith Monsters . Castle said that the team 's goal in both cases was to create " a central resource that everybody was fighting over . " As with Dune II , the soundtrack was composed by Frank Klepacki . To create the game 's landscapes , the artists took digitized photographs of real world terrain and manipulated them with rendering techniques .
The immune system protects organisms from infection with layered defenses of increasing specificity . In simple terms , physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism . If a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non specific response . Innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals . If pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response . Here , the immune system adapts its response during an infection to improve its recognition of the pathogen .
Given joined Middlesbrough on a one month loan deal on 28 November 2013 as cover for the injured Jason Steele . Given 's initial one month loan deal was extended to the end of February 2014 and ultimately , he made his last appearance for Middlesbrough on 22 February , in a 0 – 0 draw against Leeds United . Whilst at Middlesbrough , Given kept ten clean sheets in 16 league games . Given signed a two year contract with Stoke City on 10 July 2015 . Given joined as back up to first choice ' keeper Jack Butland .
According to the New York State Police , the site is legal for use as a repair stop or for emergencies . However , not for use of dropping people off for fishing , which is also illegal to fish from atop the bridge , except it is around and under the bridges . In August 1998 , signs were installed along the Meadowbrook State Parkway dedicating the road in honor of State Senator Norman J. Levy , who died in February 1998 after brain surgery . Levy had served on the State Senate Transportation Committee since 1982 and sponsored the first seat belt law in the United States , and had also been part of the negotiations that helped work resume on the Meadowbrook – Northern State interchange .
The linear wind speeds at this level are about 100 ± 10 m / s at lower than 50 ° latitude . They are retrograde in the sense that they blow in the direction of the retrograde rotation of the planet . The winds quickly decrease towards the higher latitudes , eventually reaching zero at the poles . Such strong cloud top winds cause a phenomenon known as the super rotation of the atmosphere . In other words , these high speed winds circle the whole planet faster than the planet itself rotates . The super rotation on Venus is differential , which means that the equatorial troposphere super rotates more slowly than the troposphere at the midlatitudes .
His decision to take his protege Conley ( whom Redding and Walden had contracted directly to Atco / Atlantic Records rather than to Stax / Volt ) on the tour , instead of more established Stax / Volt artists such as Rufus Thomas and William Bell , produced negative reactions . In 1967 , Redding performed at the influential Monterey Pop Festival as the closing act on Saturday night , the second day of the festival . He was invited through the efforts of promoter Jerry Wexler . Until that point , Redding was still performing mainly for black audiences .
For example , the Ravnica block format consists of Ravnica : City of Guilds , Guildpact , and Dissension . Only cards that were printed in one of the sets in the appropriate block can be used in these formats . Standard , formerly known as Type 2 , contains the current block and the last two completed blocks . The Standard card pool undergoes a " rotation " twice a year , in April and October , when the first set of the next block is released . As of April 8 , 2016 , the Standard card pool consists of Dragons of Tarkir , Magic Origins , Battle for Zendikar , Oath of the Gatewatch , and Shadows Over Innistrad .
He is the recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards , a Tony Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , a BIF Award , two Saturn Awards , four Drama Desk Awards and two Critics ' Choice Awards . He has also received two Academy Award nominations , four BAFTA nominations and five Emmy Award nominations . McKellen 's work spans genres ranging from Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction . The BBC states his " performances have guaranteed him a place in the canon of English stage and film actors " .
The rioters broke through the security presence and invaded the pitch again . The leader of the demonstrators ran up to Compton and said : " Mr Compton , you very good player , but you must stop " . In later years , Miller would quote this remark whenever Compton came to the crease in matches featuring both of them . Compton told the rioters to ask Hassett , saying that the Australian skipper controlled proceedings . Hassett smiled at the leader of the irate demonstrators and asked " You wouldn 't happen to have a cigarette , would you , old boy ?
Two days later , two additional demonstrators were killed in Warsaw . On July 22 , 1983 , martial law was lifted , and amnesty was granted to many imprisoned Solidarity members , who were released . On October 5 , Wałęsa was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . The Polish government , however , refused to issue him a passport to travel to Oslo ; Wałęsa 's prize was accepted on his behalf by his wife . It later transpired that the SB had prepared bogus documents , accusing Wałęsa of immoral and illegal activities that had been given to the Nobel committee in an attempt to derail his nomination .
However , he did remove scenes which he felt " didn 't fit " , or did not match the PG 13 rating the filmmakers were targeting . In post production , Universal decided to film a new scene for the ending that would feature a reunion between Stiller and Murphy 's characters . Murphy , however , refused to return unless he were paid a further $ 500,000 on top of his $ 7.5 million salary . The studio declined to pay the additional money and the scene was not shot . The soundtrack was composed by The Hangover 's Christophe Beck .
On his first day for filming series three , Penry Jones participated in a fight scene in the middle of the first episode . He felt a little wary replacing Matthew Macfadyen . After two months of filming , Penry Jones began to feel more at ease with the role . He felt especially so after he started working for the fourth series . He returned to the fourth series because he thought his character took off by the end of the last series , and wanted to see which direction he would go to next . The crew wanted Adam to go from a " happy go lucky " figure to wanting him to deal with things that would make it hard for Adam to be jokey towards the end of the fourth series ; this involved Fiona 's death .
During Cope 's 35 year broadcasting career with the Steelers — the longest term with a single team in NFL history — he was accompanied by only two play by play announcers : the late Jack Fleming , with whom he broadcast until 1994 , followed by Bill Hillgrove , who still fills this broadcast role today . In keeping with his comic personality , a series of television commentaries on WTAE TV saw Cope calling himself " Doctor Cope " and wearing a white lab coat while pretending to examine the opposing team 's strengths and weaknesses . His predictor was known as the " Cope ra scope .
From 2006 to 2008 , they played in every French Open and Wimbledon final . They then met in the 2009 Australian Open final and the 2011 French Open final . Nadal won six of the eight , losing the first two Wimbledon finals . Three of these finals were five set matches ( 2007 and 2008 Wimbledon , 2009 Australian Open ) , with the 2008 Wimbledon final being lauded as the greatest match ever by many long time tennis analysts . Of their 34 meetings , 12 have reached a deciding set . They have also played in 10 Masters Series finals , including their lone five hour match at the 2006 Rome Masters which Nadal won in a fifth set tie break , having saved two match points .
This editing also provided some lighter moments . One of Jeffery 's assistants recalled , " Hendrix played me a tape and prefaced it by saying it represented the new direction in his music . He had made up this long loop of tape of the portions edited out of ' We Gotta Live Together ' . I flipped out and he started cracking up " . After several more editing and mixing sessions at Juggy Sound , the material for the album was readied on February 17 . The following day , Hendrix and Kramer met with Bob Ludwig , who supervised the final mastering .
The legal case resulted in considerable publicity for Hammerton , culminating in the release of the song " The Ferry to Fairyland " celebrating the case . ( " Fairyland " , in this case , referring to Marble Hill House , recently purchased by the London County Council for public enjoyment . ) In 1947 Hammerton retired after 38 years of operating the ferry , leaving the ferry and boathouse to Sandy Scott . The ferry is currently owned by Francis Spencer and operated by Stan Rust . The current ferry , Peace of Mind , was designed and built by Thanetcraft Limited in South Wales in 1997 .
Its nearly flat summit was formed as a result of cone building eruptions from separated vents . Air travelers flying the busy routes above the area sometimes confuse Mount Adams with nearby Mount Rainier , which has a similar flat topped shape . The Pacific Crest Trail traverses the western flank of the mountain . Although Adams has not erupted in over 1,000 years , it is not considered extinct . Mount Adams stands 37 miles ( 60 km ) east of Mount St. Helens and about 50 miles ( 80 km ) south of Mount Rainier . It is 30 miles ( 48 km ) north of the Columbia River and 55 miles ( 89 km ) north of Mount Hood in Oregon .
The group searching for recognition , began playing at various small venues locally around Ohio . The Troutman family had long standing friendships with Ohio natives Phelps " Catfish " Collins and William Earl " Bootsy " Collins , who had both been involved with Parliament Funkadelic in the early 1970s . Phelps and Bootsy were attendees at a performance , and were impressed with Zapp 's musical abilities , prompting Bootsy to invite Roger to the United Sound Studios in Detroit ( the P Funk studio base ) which was frequently used by Parliament Funkadelic . Roger Troutman subsequently wrote and recorded the demo for " More Bounce to the Ounce " in 1978 .
According to some feminist writers , Hutchinson may have been persecuted because , in preaching , she was stepping beyond the gender role then considered appropriate for a woman . Some historians suggest that she fell victim to contemporary mores surrounding the role of women in Puritan society . Hutchinson spoke her mind freely within the context of a male hierarchy unaccustomed to outspoken women . John Winthrop described her as " a woman of ready wit and bold spirit " . The extent to which she was persecuted was perhaps proportional to the threat which the Puritan clergy saw in her , considering that many people were willing to listen to and follow her .
As of January 2013 , the majority of foreign workers held on death row in Saudi Arabia come from Indonesia . These conditions have sparked condemnation both inside and outside of Saudi Arabia . In 2002 , Grand Mufti Abdul Azeez ibn Abdullaah Aal ash Shaikh argued that Islam required employers to honour their contracts and not intimidate , blackmail or threaten their workers . Several executions have sparked international outcries . In June 2011 Ruyati binti Satubi , an Indonesian maid , was beheaded for killing her employer 's wife , reportedly after years of abuse . A video of the execution , posted online , prompted extensive criticism .
On its page the administrator stated that after hearing about the threat , his wife and children left to the United States for security reasons . He also asked his visitors to refrain from using their personal Facebook or Twitter accounts when uploading information to the page since that could put them at risk . He believes that the Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas or state officials working for them are probably responsible for this threat . On 20 February 2013 , a video was released on the web depicting a supposed collaborator of Valor por Tamaulipas , kneeling down and with his hands in his pockets .
By its own unaided force and effect , it abolished slavery and established universal freedom . Still , legislation may be necessary and proper to meet all the various cases and circumstances to be affected by it , and to prescribe proper modes of redress for its violation in letter or spirit . And such legislation may be primary and direct in its character , for the amendment is not a mere prohibition of State laws establishing or upholding slavery , but an absolute declaration that slavery or involuntary servitude shall not exist in any part of the United States .
Noades claimed he was reported out of context , an allegation rejected by the programmes makers , and his comments stunned Palace 's many black players . Ian Wright left the club soon after , transferring to Arsenal for £ 2.5million. Palace finished tenth in the First Division , losing rising England star John Salako to a cruciate ligament injury . A breakaway by the top 22 clubs saw Palace become founder members of the new FA Premier League for the 1992 – 93 season . However , they would be without the services of another key player – Mark Bright – who was sold to Sheffield Wednesday and the Eagles struggled to score goals without him .
Although kings and marquesses enjoyed many privileges , the imperial court was at times aggressive towards them to check their power . Starting with Emperor Gaozu 's reign , thousands of noble families , including those from the royal houses of Qi , Chu , Yan , Zhao , Han , and Wei from the Warring States period , were forcibly moved to the vicinity of the capital Chang 'an . In the first half of Western Han , resettlement could also be imposed on powerful and wealthy officials as well as individuals who owned property worth more than a million cash .
Much of the action scenes were shot in front of a green screen . A 1983 Yak 52 was used throughout the film by Jovovich and Larter . Stunt pilot Martin Mattes was dressed like Jovovich and flew the plane for the camera . The 3D cameras were unable to pick up anything shiny , such as stainless steel , due to a flare . Set decorator Cal Loucks said that most items that looked metal were actually painted silver with special paint to remove its reflective quality . The saturation of colors also had to be changed to accustom the 3D cameras , which are " slow to pick up information " .
Although Barber indicated that the decision of the commission to represent the statue without its pedestal represented progress toward the point where he might engrave dies , " I learned in New York that the work of the sculptor must be submitted to a committee in Paris who will have entire charge of the monument , and the sculptor 's work has to be changed in any and every detail until it meets the approval of this Committee of Frenchmen ... to me it looks as if it might be sometime in 1900 . " On June 20 , 1899 , Barber submitted the final designs for the coin .
" To meet Cardus 's requirements , the players were sometimes " enlarged " , notably Emmott Robinson , the veteran Yorkshire all rounder of the 1920s who through Cardus 's pen became " the apotheosis of Yorkshire cricket and Yorkshire character " . In the 1930s , Cardus 's style became less effusive , as his older heroes were replaced by players with , in his view , less romantic appeal . Bradman was an exception ; after his exploits in the England versus Australia Test series of 1930 Cardus described the Australian as " an incredible exponent who in himself sums up all the skill and experience that have gone before him ... he has kindled grand bonfires of batsmanship for us " .
In 1998 , the journal African Primates published three papers by primatologists on the false potto . Colin Groves affirmed that it was probably distinct from the potto and Simon Bearder cited it as an example of unrecognized taxonomic diversity in lorisids , but Esteban Sarmiento compared the new taxon to specimens of the potto and found that the alleged distinctive traits of the false potto in fact fell within the range of variation of the potto , and that the false potto was probably not even a species distinct from Perodicticus potto . In 2000 , primatologist B.S. Leon agreed that the false potto was not distinct from the subspecies Perodicticus potto potto , but noted that various forms of potto were distinct enough from each other that there may indeed be more than one species of potto .
According to Mills , " [ if ] we could prove to [ Ralph Winter ] that we needed something to get the shot done , then we 'd have it . " The makeup lab employed a staff of 25 and produced over 300 prosthetics , from Klingon foreheads to Vulcan and Romulan ears . Work on the many extras began as early as one o 'clock in the morning to be ready for the eight o 'clock call . The large , hulking form the shapeshifter Martia assumes while on the surface of Rura Penthe was dubbed " The Brute " by the production team .
Screenwriter Barney Cohen felt Jarvis would become a substitute for Jason , but the idea was never fully developed in A New Beginning . Director and co screenwriter Danny Steinmann disliked the idea of Jason not being the killer , but decided to use Tommy 's fear of Jason as the primary story . This idea was immediately abandoned in Jason Lives , when A New Beginning did not spark the " creative success " the studio was looking for . Executive producer Frank Mancuso , Jr. wanted to bring Jason back , and he did not care how it was achieved .
With the return of all three line mate and new rules designed to increase offensive chances the Canucks entered the year with high hopes . Despite this , Naslund and Morrison 's point production again decreased from their last NHL season . Bertuzzi point total increased , however , he played in 13 more games than his previous season . The Canucks missed the playoffs for the first time in four years and the only time during the West Coast Express ' tenure . During the off season , the line was officially dismantled when Bertuzzi was traded to the Florida Panthers , along with goaltender Alex Auld and defenceman Bryan Allen , in exchange for goaltender Roberto Luongo , defenceman Lukáš Krajíček and a sixth round selection in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft ( Sergei Shirokov ) .
Like many other communities in Anglesey , and elsewhere in medieval Wales , Llanllibio 's population decreased substantially during the Middle Ages , and the settlement effectively disappeared . Communities such as Llanllibio were affected by the Black Death , the destruction resulting from the revolt of Owen Glyndwr , by changes in land tenure , and by new farming practices that reduced the need for tied labour . The parish was on the old road between London and the Anglesey port town of Holyhead , and about 0.8 miles ( 1.3 km ) from Bodedern . The church was dedicated to St Llibio , a sixth century monk , confessor , and disciple of the Anglesey saint Cybi .
The route departs westward from Camphin en Pévèle along the rue de Cysoing towards Camphin de l 'Arbre . The first half is a series of corners , then along irregular pavé towards Luchin . The second half finishes at the Café de l 'Arbre restaurant and has more even pavé . This 2.1 km sector has often proved decisive due to its proximity to Roubaix ( 15 km ) and cumulative difficulty . The final stretch of cobbles before the stadium is named after a local rider , Charles Crupelandt , who won in 1912 and 1914 . The organiser of the Tour de France , Henri Desgrange , predicted he would win his race .
However , the upper surface is approximately level . The front faces of these platforms are about 1.7 metres ( 5.6 ft ) above the hillside , and they have ditches in front of them to improve their defence . In a letter to Warre , Atkins theorised that the structures were slingers ' platforms or archers ' stations . Several sling stones have been found around them , offering some credence to the theory that slingers stood upon these platforms . Dymond mentions the stones in his book : Several of them were broken , as though they had been used in the attack [ on the fort ] , as , indeed , many of them probably were .
He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company , which had built New York 's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza . Gates died in Paris , France on August 9 , 1911 , following an unsuccessful operation to remove a throat tumor . His funeral was held on August 23 , 1911 in the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel in New York ; Gates had provided the funding for the construction of the hotel . Gates ' mourners had come from all parts of the country ; three floors of the Plaza Hotel were reserved for those attending his services .
Peter Mahovlich then scored a critical goal while Canada was short handed , deking out the Soviet defender one on one , then Tretiak , to give Canada a two goal lead . His brother Frank then finished the scoring on a feed from Mikita , who had circled around a Soviets ' defenceman . Team Canada won the game 4 – 1 and tied the series . The Soviet coaches blamed the loss on the refereeing . Bobrov complained that the pair of American referees , Frank Larsen and Steve Dowling , let the Canadians get away with everything .
After farming failures in Queensland and on the Murrumbidgee River near Wagga Wagga , his father Richard moved to a small 20 acre ( 8.1 ha ) property in Lake Albert , where he supplemented his farm income working as a drover and shearing overseer . Blamey acquired the bush skills associated with his father 's enterprises and became a sound horseman . He attended Wagga Wagga Superior Public School ( now Wagga Wagga Public School ) , where he played Australian football , and was a keen member of the Army Cadet unit . He transferred to Wagga Wagga Grammar when he was 13 , and was head cadet of its unit for two years .
By far , China has the largest production with 120,000 tonnes mined per year ; it is followed by the US ( about 5,000 tonnes ) and India ( 2,700 tonnes ) . Samarium is usually sold as oxide , which at the price of about 30 USD / kg is one of the cheapest lanthanide oxides . Whereas mischmetal – a mixture of rare earth metals containing about 1 % of samarium – has long been used , relatively pure samarium has been isolated only recently , through ion exchange processes , solvent extraction techniques , and electrochemical deposition .
To help meet the housing needs for the factory 's many employees , 184 houses were built nearby . In 1896 , 443 workers at the plant lived in Hartford City , especially on the south side . Assuming each local worker had a family of five , over one third of the city 's population ( 2,235 of " an estimated 6,000 " ) was financially dependent upon Hartford City Glass . The window glass manufacturing process used by Hartford City Glass was known as the Cylinder Method . The process was labor intensive , and required the services of a glass blower and glass cutter — who were both highly skilled and well paid .
In attendance was Winston Churchill , General Wilson , General Alexander , Admiral of the Fleet Sir Andrew Cunningham and Major General Walter Bedell Smith . Devers wondered why such a high level conference was required for what he saw as a simple military decision , but noted in his diary that " the individuals present all favored an amphibious operation at Anzio . " Devers clashed with Smith over the latter 's attempt to obtain officers for Eisenhower 's command . He tried to be accommodating , and consented to release a number of officers , including Patton and Major General Everett Hughes , but declined to give up others , including Larkin , Brigadier General Clarence Adcock and , in particular , Major General Lucian Truscott .
" The game was published by Acclaim Entertainment and released in North America in March 1992 and in Europe on January 21 , 1993 . The Pickford brothers included a couple of easter egg references . One of them revolved around the name of one of the tavern keepers , Newton N. Ridley , which is a play off the brewery Newton and Ridley from the British soap opera Coronation Street . Another easter egg reference was made to Dragon Warrior with regards to the princesses Kuros must save during the game . Upon saving a princess , she asks Kuros to marry her , prompting a yes / no response for the player ; if the player selects " no " , the princess responds with " If you refuse , my heart will surely break !
Maurice Binder created the title sequence and introduced the gun barrel motif that appears in all the Eon Bond films . Monty Norman wrote the accompanying soundtrack , which included the " James Bond Theme " , heard in the gun barrel sequence and in a calypso medley over the title credits ; the theme was described by another Bond film composer , David Arnold , as " bebop swing vibe coupled with that vicious , dark , distorted electric guitar , definitely an instrument of rock ' n ' roll ... it represented everything about the character you would want : It was cocky , swaggering , confident , dark , dangerous , suggestive , sexy , unstoppable .
AllMusic gave the record a five star review , praising the record 's disco tinged funk and mainstream pop blend , along with Jackson 's songwriting and Jones ' crafty production . The publication believed , " [ Off the Wall ] is an enormously fresh record , one that remains vibrant and giddily exciting years after its release " . In recent years Blender gave the record a full five star review stating that it was , " A blockbuster party LP that looked beyond funk to the future of dance music , and beyond soul ballads to the future of heart tuggers — in fact , beyond R & B to color blind pop .
In developing the story O 'Bannon had focused on writing the Alien first , putting off developing the characters for a later draft . He and Shusett had therefore written all of the roles as generic male ones with a note in the script explicitly stating " The crew is unisex and all parts are interchangeable for men or women . " This left Scott , Selway , and Goldberg free to interpret the characters as they liked and to cast accordingly . They wanted the Nostromo 's crew to resemble working astronauts in a realistic environment , a concept summed up as " truckers in space " .
Although the Loons were afforded respect as principal peace chiefs , this status was not permanent . The Cranes , led in Buffalo 's time by his sub chief Tagwagane , maintained that they were the hereditary chiefs . They said the Loons ' status as spokesmen hinged upon recognition by the Cranes . A chief 's power in Ojibwa society was based on persuasion and consensus ; it was contingent , holding only as long as the community of elders , including the women , chose to respect and follow the chief 's lead . Sources conflict as to the identity of Buffalo 's father , who may also have been named Andaigweos .
But it kind of reminds me of praying [ in ] that it continues to have the impact , and does have the impact , of when Kanye West did ' Jesus Walks . ' I think I got one here . " " Say Yes " was leaked onto the Internet on May 21 , 2014 . Williams revealed on her Twitter account the same day that the leaked track was an unmixed and unmastered version of " Say Yes " . In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , she said that she " hated " the fact that an unfinished version was released although noted that she was not angry and felt " overwhelmed " by the positive support .
" Along with producer Swizz Beatz , No I.D. and Nas related to the latter 's lyrics concerning divorce during the recording sessions . During the sessions , Nas recorded the song " No Such Thing as White Jesus " with singer Frank Ocean and producer Hit Boy , who misplaced the track while sorting through music he had produced for Jay Z and Kanye West 's album Watch the Throne ( 2011 ) . Although he later recovered it , the song was not included on Life Is Good . The album incorporates musical references to both older and contemporary hip hop .
Reynolds ' first electronic accounting service was introduced in 1963 . Its parts inventory software product , called Electronic Parts Inventory Control ( EPIC ) , was released in beta in 1966 . It was renamed upon full release the following year as RAPIC . This was followed by the accounting and management software called LEASe and an accounts receivable product . At first clients sent hole punched accounting records to a Reynolds processing center , which would print a complete accounting that is sent back to the client by mail . The development of modems and internet technology in the 1970s led to several advancements .
River Oaks Park includes the Pumpkin Carriage , intended to evoke Cinderella 's carriage . Around 2003 Friends of River Oaks Parks had restored the carriage . The Houston Business Journal said " Pumpkin Park provides outstanding resources for neighborhood children – a wonderful playground , community center and the Summer Enrichment Program offering youngsters sports activities and crafts classes . " On June 24 , 1999 , the River Oaks Property Owners , Inc. entered an agreement with the City of Houston ; ROPO agreed to maintain and upgrade parks and esplanades in River Oaks . ROPO also has the right to spend its own funds to improve them .
Theophanes reports that the Arabs broke their promise and enslaved the entire population , which was deported to the Caliphate , but no other source confirms this . After looting the town , the Arabs razed it to the ground . The chroniclers report that after sacking Tyana , Abbas and Maslama divided their forces and campaigned in Byzantine territory . Again the chronology , as well as the identity of the targets , is uncertain . The primary sources give 709 or 710 as the dates , which could mean that these raids happened in the immediate aftermath of Tyana or in the year after .
Wyatt saw the shooting and pistol whipped Brocius , knocking him unconscious , and arrested him . Wyatt later told his biographer John Flood that he thought Brocius was still armed at the time , and didn 't see Brocius ' pistol on the ground . Brocius waived the preliminary hearing so he and his case could be immediately transferred to Tucson . Wyatt and a deputy took Brocius in a wagon the next day to Tucson to stand trial , possibly saving him from being lynched . Wyatt testified that he thought the shooting was accidental . It was also demonstrated that Brocius ' pistol could be fired from half cock .
During the siege , Edmund Wyndham and Blake exchanged letters ; Wyndham initially wrote to explain that he felt the siege was a gentle method of attack , rather than using " fire and sword " . He offered generous terms for surrender , and signed the letter " Your well wishing Neighbour and Country man " ; the pair had served as members of parliament together for Bridgwater in 1640 . Blake was unmoved , and wrote back to unequivocally reject the offer . Blake sent skirmishing parties out against the attackers with some success , though food and ammunition began to run out for the defending troops .
The vimana is a Rekha deula ( a tall building with a shape of sugarloaf ) , 60 feet ( 18 m ) in height and in shape of 15 feet ( 4.6 m ) square . It stands on a 2 feet ( 0.61 m ) platform , which is decorated with lotus and other floral designs and scrollwork . The outer wall of the vimana is divided into 5 parts ( from base to top ) : pabhaga , talajangha , bandhana , upara jangha and baranda . The niches and intervening recesses of the first part of the wall are ornate , with khakhara mundis ( a type of niche ) , scrollwork , floral designs , creepers , love making couples and Nagas ( serpent men ) .
During this portion of the battle , the ship was hit once , on the starboard No. 4 gun , which killed two men and badly injured another . Her intervention prevented the British from sinking the torpedo boats V1 and S13 . By 10 : 00 , Stettin had steam in all of her boilers , and was capable of her top speed . She therefore returned to the battle , and at 10 : 06 , she encountered eight British destroyers and immediately attacked them , opening fire at 10 : 08 . Several hits were observed in the British formation , which dispersed and fled .
This specimen was 6.4 m ( 21 ft ) long and had a body mass estimated at 3,324 kg ( 7,328 lb ) . However , later studies also revealed that this particular specimen was actually around 4.9 m ( 16 ft ) in length , a specimen in the average maximum size range . The largest great white recognized by the International Game Fish Association ( IGFA ) is one caught by Alf Dean in the south Australian waters in 1959 , weighing 1,208 kg ( 2,663 lb ) . Several larger great whites caught by anglers have since been verified , but were later disallowed from formal recognition by IGFA monitors for rules violations .
In 1932 – 33 , McCabe made his breakthrough at international level in the First Test of the infamous Bodyline series , scoring an unbeaten 187 at the Sydney Cricket Ground in only four hours as his teammates fell around him . McCabe attacked the bowling vigorously , hooking relentlessly . He ended the series as the only Australian other than Bradman to score a century . McCabe missed most of the next season due to illness , but was retained for the 1934 tour of England despite his interrupted preparation . He scored 2,078 runs and eight centuries for the tour , including his maiden Test century in England .
The Parthian Empire had no standing army , yet were able to quickly recruit troops in the event of local crises . There was a permanent armed guard attached to the person of the king , comprising nobles , serfs and mercenaries , but this royal retinue was small . Garrisons were also permanently maintained at border forts ; Parthian inscriptions reveal some of the military titles granted to the commanders of these locations . Military forces could also be used in diplomatic gestures . For example , when Chinese envoys visited Parthia in the late 2nd century BC , the Shiji maintains that 20,000 horsemen were sent to the eastern borders to serve as escorts for the embassy , although this figure is perhaps an exaggeration .
This was the Buccaneers ' sixth come from behind win of the season and they finished with a 4 0 road record against division opponents . After Neil O 'Donoghue 's fourth quarter field goal , Dewey Selmon forced a Detroit fumble that was recovered by Dana Nafziger at the Lions ' 23 yard line . Doug Williams followed this with a 23 yard touchdown pass to Larry Mucker . Mucker , who earlier had been fined for missing the team bus to the stadium , beat close coverage from Walt Williams to make the catch . The Buccaneers ' error prone play , of which McKay said " we didn 't play with very much intelligence " , required a late comeback to defeat the 1 – 10 Lions .
Lo performed the song several occasions , including on Swedish radio station P3 , at the Norwegian by : Larm festival and at Notting Hill Arts Club in London . " Out of Mind " is a pop song written by Tove Lo alongside Alx Reuterskiöld and produced by The Struts with Reuterskiöld . It has a minimal instrumentation which incorporates " a mesh of fizzing synthesizers " . It was released as a single on 16 October 2013 , and was later featured on the singer 's debut extended play , Truth Serum ( 2014 ) . According to the artist , the songs on the EP talk about her " most intense " failed relationship .
Another problem exists for the juvenile salmon headed downstream to the ocean . Previously , this journey would have taken two to three weeks . With river currents slowed by the dams , and the Columbia converted from wild river to a series of slackwater pools , the journey can take several months , which increases the mortality rate . In some cases , the Army Corps of Engineers transports juvenile fish downstream by truck or river barge . The Chief Joseph Dam and several dams on the Columbia 's tributaries entirely block migration , and there are no migrating fish on the river above these dams .
The episode 's teleplay was written by co executive producer David H. Goodman based on a story by executive story editors and scientists Glen Whitman and Robert Chiappetta . It was Goodman 's fifth contribution to the series and Whitman and Chiappetta 's first . The episode was directed by Norberto Barba , his only directional credit with the series . Noah Bean noted that his character Officer Kemp " meets pretty gruesome , unbelievable ends , " as Kemp 's face becomes covered with skin and scar tissue . To create the effect of Kemp 's orifices closing , the crew used a combination of make up and computer graphic effects .
When the uranium ore is rich in such minerals as dolomite , magnesite , etc . , those minerals consume much acid . In this case , the carbonate method is used for uranium extraction . Its main component is an aqueous solution of sodium carbonate , which converts uranium into a complex [ UO2 ( CO3 ) 3 ] 4 − , which is stable in aqueous solutions at low concentrations of hydroxide ions . The advantages of the sodium carbonate method are that the chemicals have low corrosivity ( compared to nitrates ) and that most non uranium metals precipitate from the solution .
Having secured the accession of the princely states , the Government of India between 1948 and 1950 turned to the task of welding the states and the former British provinces into one polity under a single republican constitution . The first step in this process , carried out between 1947 and 1949 , was to merge the smaller states that were not seen by the Government of India to be viable administrative units either into neighbouring provinces , or with other princely states to create a " princely union " . This policy was contentious , since it involved the dissolution of the very states whose existence India had only recently guaranteed in the Instruments of Accession .
But the difference between a good film and real life is that in real life there 's the next day , the next year , the next lifetime to contemplate the ruinous consequences of easy applause . " In 2004 , Grant reprised his role as Daniel Cleaver for a small part in Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason , which , like its predecessor , made more than $ 262 million commercially . Gone from the screen for two years , Grant next reteamed with Paul Weitz ( About a Boy ) for the black comedy American Dreamz ( 2006 ) .
The original broadcast of " Entrada " occurred on December 2 , 2010 in the United States . According to Nielsen ratings , it was watched by an estimated 5.13 million viewers , earning a 3.2 / 5 share among all households and a 1.8 / 5 share among viewers aged 18 – 49 . This latter demographic was down five percent from the previous episode that aired on November 18 . Entertainment Weekly writer Lynette Rice remarked of the low ratings , " If this genre series were on AMC ( or featured zombies ) , the media world would be calling it a monster hit .
Komori was appointed the commander of all Japanese forces in the Arawe area , which were subsequently designated the Komori Force . The 1st Battalion , 141st Infantry Regiment landed at the village of Omoi on the night of 18 December , and started overland the next day to link up with Komori at Didmop . The battalion took eight days to cover the 7 mi ( 11 km ) between Omoi and Didmop as it became lost on several occasions while travelling through trackless jungle and paused whenever contact with American forces seemed likely . Komori reached Didmop on 19 December , and gathered the units that had retreated from Umtingalu into his command .
Despite many requests for clemency , all appeals were denied , and Williams was executed in 1913 . The case was one of the first investigations in Britain to use the emerging science of ballistics . On 9 October 1912 , the driver of a horse drawn carriage noticed a man crouching near the front door of the house of Countess Flora Sztaray , located on South Cliff Avenue in Eastbourne . Sztaray was known to possess large amounts of valuable jewellery and to be married to a rich Hungarian nobleman . The driver , who was Sztaray 's coachman , informed Sztaray of the man 's presence , whereupon Sztaray telephoned the police .
Mahan shot down four but took three direct kamikaze hits , as David Sears observed in At War With the Wind ( 2008 ) , " ... the most calamitous [ being ] a direct hit to the superstructure near the No. 2 gun . " Exploding and awash in flames , Mahan was turned by Commander E. G. Campbell toward the picket line in a last hope to save her before issuing the order to abandon ship . The destroyers Lamson and Walke rescued the survivors ; one officer and five men were missing , and thirteen seriously wounded ( including burns ) .
The dominant costs of solar power plants are the capital cost , and therefore any associated financing and depreciation . Though operating costs are typically relatively low , especially as no fuel is required , most operators will want to ensure that adequate operation and maintenance cover is available to maximise the availability of the plant and thereby optimise the income to cost ratio . The first places to reach grid parity were those with high traditional electricity prices and high levels of solar radiation . Currently , more capacity is being installed in the rooftop than in the utility scale segment .
Another project combining the T 34 tank chassis with the D 15 gun was also considered . Designated SU D15 , the medium assault gun was intended as a replacement for the SU 122 . Although the project received a lot of support from the authorities it never entered production , both because of its shortcomings ( the heavy gun put too much strain on the suspension and ammunition stowage was too limited ) and because it was made redundant by the ISU 152 . However lessons learned mounting a powerful gun in the T 34 allowed for rapid development of the SU 100 tank destroyer .
Weighting of the 2001 Census data gives a figure of 154,791 people with Cornish ethnicity living in Cornwall . The Cornish have been described as " a special case " in England , with an " ethnic rather than regional identity " . Structural changes to the politics of the United Kingdom , particularly the European Union and devolution , have been the cited as the main stimulus to " a growing interest in Cornish identity and distinctiveness " in late 20th century Britain . The British are the citizens of the United Kingdom , a people who by convention consist of four national groups : the English , Northern Irish , Scots and Welsh .
It was designed to provide a by pass for traffic from the M4 to the Vale of Glamorgan . It is 5.47 km ( 3.40 mi ) in length and includes the Ely Viaduct close to Michaelston super Ely . The trunk road is maintained by the South Wales Trunk Road Agency ( SWTRA ) on behalf of the Welsh Assembly Government ( WAG ) . The remainder of the PDR is a primary route , which is maintained by Cardiff Council . In 2006 variable message signs were installed on the Capel Llanilltern – Culverhouse Cross Link Road by Techspan Systems to display messages giving motorists warning of road and weather conditions , accidents , congestion and major events held in the area .
The exhibition hosts screens playing back scenes from films such as 1912 's In Nacht und Eis and 1997 's Titanic . Titanic memorabilia collected include Steiff " mourning bears " , beers from the Titanic Brewery , jigsaw puzzles and many other such kitsch that SeaCity scoured the internet to find . Catherine Roberts , reviewing Southampton 's Titanic Story for Culture24 described the comparison between the height of the civic centre and the height of the Titanic as inspired . She praised the graphics for making the story digestible for children and adults . And while she mentioned that the motif of following several crew members through the story never quite pans out , she concluded that it was a well conceived exhibition and that " there can be no better place than Southampton to remember both those who died and those who survived the Titanic ’ s first and final voyage .
During inhalation , the external intercostal muscles expand the ribs , allowing the animal to take in more air , while the ischiopubis muscle causes the hips to swing downwards and push the belly outward , and the diaphragmaticus pulls the liver back . When exhaling , the internal intercostal muscles push the ribs inward , while the rectus abdominis pulls the hips and liver forwards and the belly inward . Because the lungs expand into the space formerly occupied by the liver and are compressed when it moves back into position , this motion is sometimes referred to as a " hepatic piston " .
" They were inseparable for much of the rest of Beiderbecke 's career , with Trumbauer acting as a father figure to Beiderbecke . When Trumbauer organized a band for an extended run at the Arcadia Ballroom in St. Louis , Beiderbecke joined him . There he also played alongside the clarinetist Pee Wee Russell , who praised Beiderbecke 's ability to drive the band . " He more or less made you play whether you wanted to or not , " Russell said . " If you had any talent at all he made you play better . " In the spring of 1926 , Trumbauer closed up shop in St. Louis and , with Beiderbecke , moved to Detroit , this time to play with Goldkette 's headline ensemble .
A priority was the establishment of a restaurant , which would not only augment the estate 's income , but also encourage people to spend more time at Belton , and travel greater distances to visit . Though the house , its contents and outbuildings were in an adequate state of repair at the time of the gift , they have since become part of an ongoing programme of conservation and restoration . At the same time the National Trust has introduced new features and attractions such as a silver exhibition which displays a collection of silver amassed by the Brownlow family , dating from 1698 .
To add to their difficulties , in most unions they were obliged to pay out of their own pockets for any drugs , dressings or other medical supplies needed to treat their patients . A second major wave of workhouse construction began in the mid 1860s , the result of a damning report by the Poor Law inspectors on the conditions found in infirmaries in London and the provinces . Of one workhouse in Southwark , London , an inspector observed bluntly that " The workhouse does not meet the requirements of medical science , nor am I able to suggest any arrangements which would in the least enable it to do so " .
At the end of 2006 , Sports Illustrated magazine estimated Vick 's annual income between his NFL salary and endorsements at $ 25.4 million , ranking him just below NASCAR 's Dale Earnhardt , Jr. in a listing of highest earning athletes . Vick 's finances suffered , however , from poor management , bad investments and lawsuits . A $ 45 million lawsuit was pending in a dispute with his original sports agents . Several lucrative endorsement deals soured . After the dog fighting indictments were announced in July 2007 , financial claims against Vick escalated . His financial affairs strained , Vick was unable to meet scheduled payments and other obligations .
As his streak continued deeper into the 21st season , Jennings was inching closer and closer to Olmstead 's record . Jennings topped Olmstead 's Millionaire winnings with his 65th consecutive win , finishing the day with $ 45,099 and a new cumulative total of $ 2,197,000 , while Olmstead 's career winnings ( counting his Jeopardy wins ) were toppled in Jennings ' 66th game . Jennings won nine more games before his streak came to an end on November 30 , 2004 . He had extended his record total to $ 2,520,700 at the time of his defeat , after which he was awarded an additional $ 2,000 for finishing in second place per Jeopardy !
Hammill subsequently announced that the band would be continuing as a trio , for live and studio work , without Jackson . He later stated that the reason for Jackson 's departure was that he " seemed to have difficulty in understanding what we had mutually agreed " and that he clashed with the other band members . Relationships between Jackson and the others become strained , and Hammill , Banton and Evans realised that the only way the group could continue was without him . The group began touring as a trio in April and July 2007 over Europe .
The gnomes give Rip some magic schnapps to drink , and under its influence he goes to sleep for 20 years . When he awakes , he is an old man and in ragged clothes . His dog is dead , and his rifle has rusted away . He makes his way as best he can back to the village , and his own home . But there no one knows him . He finds his wife married to another man , his daughter grown to womanhood , and most of his old friends dead and gone . Rip , however , finally manages to prove his identity , and also to lay claim to his property , which has greatly increased in value during his sleep , in which he is just in time to save from being unlawfully confiscated by his old time enemy .
As in humans , the dorsal nerve distribution was unique in being devoid of nerves at the 12 o 'clock position in the penis and clitoris of the spotted hyena " and that " [ d ] orsal nerves of the penis / clitoris in humans and male spotted hyenas tracked along both sides of the corporeal body to the corpus spongiosum at the 5 and 7 o 'clock positions . The dorsal nerves penetrated the corporeal body and distally the glans in the hyena " and , in female hyenas , " the dorsal nerves fanned out laterally on the clitoral body .
In 1998 , Q placed Rumours at number three — behind The Clash 's London Calling and Pink Floyd 's The Dark Side of the Moon — in its list of 50 Best Albums of the 70s . In 1999 , Vibe featured it as one of 100 Essential Albums of the 20th Century . In 2003 , VH1 ranked the record at number 16 during its 100 Greatest Albums countdown , while Slant included it as one of 50 Essential Pop Albums . The same year , USA Today placed Rumours at number 23 in its Top 40 Albums list , while Rolling Stone ranked it at number 25 in its special issue of " The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time " , the highest Fleetwood Mac record .
Rip currents from Nate and the more distant Maria killed one and injured another in New Jersey ; several others were caught in rip currents , though they were able to escape . In the Carolinas , Nate also contributed to heightened seas , though this time in combination with Hurricane Ophelia and persistent unrelated northeasterly winds . A buoy just offshore Cape Fear recorded waves up to 12 ft ( 3.7 m ) . Tropical energy from the remnants of Nate and Maria merged to form a broad storm system that would track toward parts of Europe . The mid latitude cyclone produced a day of heavy rains across the Scottish Highlands that included a 24 hour precipitation total of 5.17 in ( 131 mm ) on the Isle of Skye .
988 – 1012 ) . The town was described by Jerusalemite geographer al Muqaddasi in the late 10th century as being the center of the Euphrates district , located on the edge of the desert , having a semi circular layout and being defended by a strong fortress . He also noted that the wider vicinity was characterized by highly irrigated and productive lands , with abundant date palms and quince groves . In the early 11th century , control of al Rahba was contested between the Uqaylids of Mosul and the Fatimids of Egypt . Preceding this conflict , the Fatimid caliph al Hakim appointed a member of the Al Khafajah tribe , Abu Ali ibn Thimal , as lord of al Rahba .
Only some of my clothes are by designers . " She did , however , wear the custom work of some well known talents , notably Geoffrey Beene , at the suggestion of Clara Treyz , her personal shopper . Many fashion observers concluded that Pat Nixon did not greatly advance the cause of American fashion . Nixon 's yellow satin inaugural gown by Harvey Berin was criticized as " a schoolteacher on her night out " , but Treyz defended her wardrobe selections by saying , " Mrs. Nixon must be ladylike . " Nixon did not sport the outrageous fashions of the 1970s , because she was concerned about appearing conservatively dressed , especially as her husband 's political star rose .
" In 1874 , the House of Keys moved to the Court House in Douglas , and five years later , into their current home , the Old Bank of Mona building also in Douglas . After being vacated by the Keys , the building was purchased by Dumbell 's Bank . Not long after acquiring the building , the bank removed the ceiling from the chamber , and added a large skylight to create a grand banking hall . The building was repainted in an expensive shade of blue which was fashionable at the time . In 1900 , when Dumbell 's Bank collapsed , the building was taken over by Parr 's Bank .
In October , she was a featured speaker for Wayland Baptist University . Bush was keynote speaker at the Go Red for Women Summit in Austin in February 2016 , an event designed to promote both financing and awareness for women fighting heart disease . In March , Bush attended the funeral of Nancy Reagan in California and promoted We Are Afghan Women , a novel spotlighting the lives of Afghanistan women that was published by the Bush institute . Over the course of the Obama presidency , she has developed an alliance with Michelle Obama , her immediate successor as First Lady .
" More than a Woman " and " I Care 4 U " were released as posthumous singles and peaked within the top 25 of the Billboard Hot 100 . The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA and sold 2.95 million copies in the United States . " More than a Woman " reached number one on the UK singles chart making Aaliyah the first deceased artist to reach number one on the UK singles chart . " More than a Woman " was replaced by George Harrison 's " My Sweet Lord " which is the only time in the UK singles chart 's history where a dead artist has replaced another dead artist at number one .
The mine is in mountains that are part of a salt range , a mineral rich mountain system extending about 200 km from the Jhelum river south of Pothohar Plateau to where the Jhelum river joins the Indus river . Khewra mine is about 288 meters ( 945 feet ) above sea level and about 730 meters ( 2400 feet ) into the mountain from the mine entrance . The underground mine covers an area of 110 km2 ( 43 sq. miles ) . Estimates of the total reserves of salt in the mines range from 82 million tons to 600 million tons .
The EP was made available as a free download and also saw a limited CD release , bundled with remix album Phantom Phorce . Lead track " Slow Life " appeared on the 2003 album Phantom Power and was originally composed as a purely electronic song by keyboardist Cian Ciaran several years earlier . The band were keen to finish the track and Ciaran encouraged them to jam over his original version — this jam was then edited and made into the finished song . The track " Motherfokker " is a collaboration between the Super Furry Animals and rap group Goldie Lookin Chain .
The Stoney Littleton Long Barrow stands on a limestone ridge overlooking Wellow Brook and the village of Wellow . It is constructed from stone , including Blue Lias and Forest Marble quarried within an 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) radius . It is about 30 metres ( 98 ft ) in length and 15 metres ( 49 ft ) wide at the south east end , it stands nearly 3 metres ( 10 ft ) high . Internally it consists of a 12.8 metres ( 42 ft ) long gallery with three pairs of side chambers and an end chamber .
The stronger the upper trough picking up the tropical cyclone , the more significant the left of track shift in the rainfall distribution tends to be . Moist air forced up the slopes of coastal hills and mountain chains can lead to much heavier rainfall than in the coastal plain . This heavy rainfall can lead to landslides , which still cause significant loss of life such as seen during Hurricane Mitch in Central America . Globally , tropical cyclone rainfall is more common across the northern hemisphere than across the southern hemisphere . This is mainly due to the normal annual tropical cyclone distribution , as between half and two thirds of all tropical cyclones form north of the equator .
The siblings played with rudimentary equipment ; a lump of wood was substituted for a bat and cork wrapped in socks improvised as cricket balls . The boys settled their differences in the traditional manner of boxing bouts , and they took their primary education at a Catholic convent staffed by nuns . At the age of 14 , McCabe won a scholarship to the Catholic St. Joseph 's College , Hunters Hill in Sydney due to his sporting ability . Run by the Marist Brothers , the large school ’ s centerpiece stone castle like building overlooks Sydney Harbour .
This totaled 18.32 million viewers . The episode had the third highest ratings of the third season . " Grotesque " received mostly positive reviews from critics . Reviewer Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode an A − and noted that while the episode is " ponderous and pretentious " , this aspect of the entry turns it into " a benefit " . VanDerWerff wrote , " here 's the thing : ' Grotesque ' is absolutely [ ... ] self serious , just as much as I feared it would be . It also , unquestionably , works .
Along the Eastern Shore of Virginia , Isabel produced sustained winds reaching 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) with gusts to 62 mph ( 100 km / h ) at Wallops Island . Higher unofficial gusts were recorded , including a peak reading of 71 mph ( 114 km / h ) in Chincoteague . Rainfall was fairly light , with 2 inches ( 51 mm ) recorded in Heathsville . On Fisherman Island , the hurricane produced a 4.26 foot ( 1.3 m ) storm surge , flooding much of the island . The combination of the surge and waves resulted in minor beach erosion and overwash .
There was , however , also a third award , the Medal of Courage , meant to recognize acts of gallantry . This latter decoration fell in rank between the other two levels , but was anomalous within the Order of Canada , being a separate award of a different nature rather than a middle grade of the order . Without ever having been awarded , the Medal of Courage was on 1 July 1972 replaced by the autonomous Cross of Valour and , at the same time , the levels of Officer and Member were introduced , with all existing holders of the Medal of Service created as Officers .
It was led by the United States with the support of the United Kingdom and Canada . From 1942 to 1946 , the project was under the direction of Major General Leslie Groves of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ; physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was the director of the Los Alamos Laboratory that designed the actual bombs . The Army component of the project was designated the Manhattan District ; " Manhattan " gradually superseded the official codename , Development of Substitute Materials , for the entire project . Along the way , the project absorbed its earlier British counterpart , Tube Alloys .
Chase and Aykroyd explain that during the Cold War , the Soviet Union turned dozens of American citizens into sleeper agents who would fall into a trance and do the bidding of the KGB upon hearing the phrase , " Gosh , that Italian family at the next table sure is quiet " – a phrase no one would normally use . They later explain that one of the sleeper agents resides in Quahog , and they are looking for him / her . Chase and Aykroyd ask Brian and Stewie to help them in their mission , noting that they know several people acting very strangely in Quahog .
Retiring from the stage during World War II , Bosse considered moving back to Norway 's capital Oslo , the home of her childhood and youth . Both her children had settled there . The move was delayed for ten years , during which she travelled whenever possible , and when it took place in 1955 , she perceived it to be a mistake . Her brother Ewald 's death in 1956 left her the only survivor of the fourteen children of Anne Marie and Johann Heinrich Bosse . " How I long desperately for Stockholm " , she wrote to a friend in 1958 .
He was admittedly frustrated with Vigneault 's defensive coaching style . Furthermore , since Bertuzzi 's departure in the summer of 2006 , Vigneault placed Näslund on inconsistent line combinations , often with career minor leaguers . While he did not rule out the possibility of returning to Vancouver , he sold his Vancouver home and described his return as questionable . Näslund signed a two year , $ 8 million contract , including a $ 1 million signing bonus , with the New York Rangers on 3 July 2008 . Upon signing , he revealed New York was his preferred destination heading into free agency .
Washington replied , " That 's what I done [ sic ] " and quietly apologized . The lead prosecutor addressed the courtroom and declared that the trial had been conducted fairly , prompting an ovation from the crowd . The jury was then sent to deliberate . After four minutes of deliberation , the jury 's foreman announced a guilty verdict and a sentence of death . The trial lasted about one hour . Court officers approached Washington to escort him away , but were pushed aside by a surge of spectators , who seized Washington and dragged him outside .
Shunari was ordered to seize the Lexicon Tirtur junction . He sent the tank company ahead first , which initially reported no Egyptian units . Shunari dispatched an infantry unit in six half tracks to the junction . Upon reaching it , they discovered that the tank company had already been destroyed and Giladi killed . Soon the vehicles began came under heavy fire , stopping their advance . The unit commander reported casualties , and Shunari ordered the remainder of his battalion to aid the pinned down men . Attempts to rescue the infantry failed , and the Egyptian battalion defending the junction directed heavy firepower against the area , aided by the brigade 's artillery .
They do so , much to the satisfaction of Glade and Sears . " Frank H. Crane Violet Heming Alphonse Ethier The writer of the scenario is unknown , but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan . He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions . The film director is unknown , but it may have been Barry O 'Neil . Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production , but at least two possible candidates exist . Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company , but he was soon joined by Carl Louis Gregory who had years of experience as a still and motion picture photographer .
Some Machiavellian hand may be at work in this new game of international politics and the British Admiralty is suspected . But every statesmen and naval student may make his own guess . On the other side of the Atlantic , in the midst of the Anglo – German naval arms race , members of the British House of Commons fretted over the battleships ' possible destinations , though the Admiralty consistently stated that they did not believe any sale would occur . In mid July and September 1908 , the Commons discussed purchasing the ships to bolster the Royal Navy and ensure they would not be sold to a foreign rival , which would disrupt the British naval plan set in place by the " two power standard , " though in March and late July 1908 , the Brazilian government officially denied any sale was planned .
This type of headache is referred to as " sentinel headache " , because it is presumed to result from a small leak ( a " warning leak " ) from an aneurysm . A sentinel headache still warrants investigations with CT scan and lumbar puncture , as further bleeding may occur in the subsequent three weeks . The initial steps for evaluating a person with a suspected subarachnoid hemorrhage are obtaining a medical history and performing a physical examination ; these are aimed at determining whether the symptoms are due to SAH or to another cause . The diagnosis cannot , however , be made on clinical grounds alone ; therefore , in general medical imaging is required to confirm or exclude bleeding .
During recording , Cleese and Baker also recorded two short comedy skits for the BBC Christmas tape . City of Death director Michael Hayes had previously directed the Doctor Who serials The Androids of Tara ( 1978 ) and The Armageddon Factor ( 1979 ) . He also had experience filming in Paris , having worked there on adaptations of Maigret ( 1960 – 63 ) and other Georges Simenon stories for the BBC . Location filming took place in Paris between 30 April 1979 and 3 May 1979 . It proved a difficult shoot as the dates coincided with the May Day holiday period , which meant that many of the locations chosen for filming were closed , necessitating considerable improvisation on the part of the cast and crew .
In December 2005 , he was named team captain as part of the Wild 's monthly rotating captaincy ( he was then succeeded by Brian Rolston in February 2006 ) . At the 2005 – 06 NHL trade deadline , Mitchell was traded away to the Dallas Stars as a rental player in exchange for defencemen Martin Škoula and Shawn Belle on March 9 , 2006 . Mitchell closed the season playing 16 games and one playoff round with Dallas before becoming an unrestricted free agent in the off season . On July 1 , 2006 , the Vancouver Canucks signed Mitchell to a four year , $ 14 million contract .
Quwatli did not believe the armies of Syria and the Arab world were ready to successfully confront Jewish forces and as war drew near in early 1948 , he petitioned Abdel Rahman Azzam , head of the Arab League , to not enter Arab armies into Palestine . Instead , Quwatli offered to provide local Palestinian Arab fighters arms and funding . Azzam was not swayed and continued his effort of rallying Arab governments to dispatch their armies . On 15 May , after the establishment of Israel was announced , Quwatli ordered the Syrian Army to enter Palestine immediately .
As team captain at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics , he was noted for helping his teammates understand everything that was going on around them . His athleticism and personal courage have been praised by those who know him , such as Michael Page , chef d ’ equipe for the 1986 US World Championship team , who recounted how Plumb medaled at the competition despite three broken ribs . Plumb admits to being completely focused on riding and " not a social person " , with former coach Jack le Goff saying that " horses are his only reason for being on earth " .
The chief of police reveals himself as Ushi oni and starts eating the humans trapped in the shelter . Sagisaka sacrifices himself to push his daughter away from Ushi oni 's attack . Otoha confronts and , in a climatic sequence , his conviction resurrects his Yurine , which restores Otoha as a karas and he slays Ushi oni . While karas from other cities observe the showdown between Otoha and Eko , Homura steps in to help Otoha . Otoha carries out Nue 's request to kill him and his brother , depriving Eko of his new power source and stopping his entire scheme .
Put in position the next day , it started lobbing shells at the fort . Montgomery then began planning the placement of a second battery . While he first wanted to place one to the northwest of the fort , his staff convinced him instead to place on the eastern shore of the Richelieu , where it would command the shipyard and the Royal Savage . This battery , whose construction was complicated by an armed row galley sent from the fort to oppose the works , was completed on October 13 , and opened fire the next day . One day after that , the Royal Savage lay in ruins before the fort .
Two days later , while returning to the UK , Fearless collided with the trawler Flying Wing and was repaired at the Barclay Curle shipyard in Scotstoun between 10 August and 11 October . On 30 October she was involved in another collision with SS Lanark at Greenock that fractured her stern . More repairs followed at Troon , and Fearless did not rejoin Force H at Gibraltar until 18 January 1941 . On 31 January , Force H departed Gibraltar to carry out Operation Picket , an unsuccessful night torpedo attack by eight of Ark Royal 's Fairey Swordfish on the Tirso Dam in Sardinia .
Familism , the theology of the Family of Love , involved one 's perfect union with God under the Holy Spirit , coupled with freedom from both sin , and the responsibility for it . Antinomianism , or being freed from moral law under the covenant of grace , was a form of familism . Most of the New England Puritan ministers were adamantly opposed to these theological doctrines , seeing them as the cause of the violent and bloody ravages of the anabaptists in Germany during the Münster Rebellion of the 1530s . When confronted with accusations of familism , Wheelwright denied preaching such a doctrine .
His death was officially ruled as a suicide . The band headed back into the studio to record their fourth studio album in 2011 , during the recording they worked with five different producers Steve Lillywhite , Damian Taylor , Brendan O 'Brien , Stuart Price and Daniel Lanois . In June 2012 A short trailer was released on the Killers official VEVO page , revealing the album 's name Battle Born , named after the Flag of Nevada . This was followed by the release of lead single " Runaways " in July . That same month , they headlined Saturday night at the inaugural Firefly Music Festival in Dover , Delaware .
On 17 April 1998 , the U.S. Army reactivated the " 172nd Infantry Brigade ( Separate ) " and reflagged the 1st Brigade , 6th Infantry Division as that unit was headquartered at Fort Wainwright , Alaska . Two years later , the 173rd Airborne Brigade was reactivated on 12 June 2000 at Caserma Ederle in Vicenza , Italy > . The 172nd was given an airborne infantry battalion , one of only three existing outside of the 82nd Airborne Division ( the other two battalions were part of the 2nd Infantry Division based in Korea ) . The 172nd Infantry was designed as a " pacific theater contingency brigade " .
" The game was also planned to have branching paths and upgrades to find throughout . Maverick Hunter was going to build upon the mythology and feature characters from the original Mega Man X titles . Capcom Japan was responsible for the design of key story points and twists while the overall plot would be handled by Armature Studio . A source familiar with the game stated that the game would " be like taking an 8 bit game that doesn 't have a very deep story to it , and then building around it and keeping some of the key pieces intact .
She never saw Ishara again ; the latter joined the " Coalition " , one of the factions on the planet before Tasha left . Tasha refused to join the cadres on the planet , blaming them for her parent 's deaths . Yar appeared for the first time in the pilot episode of Star Trek : The Next Generation as the Security and Tactical Officer on board the USS Enterprise D. When Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) orders an emergency saucer separation , Yar is one of the bridge crew to accompany him to the battle bridge . She is amongst the crew abducted by Q ( John de Lancie ) , and later serves on the away team to Farpoint Station .
Furious was detached from the 1st CS and ordered to sweep along the 56th parallel as far as 4 ° East and to return before dark . The other two ships were not initially ordered to sea , but were sent to reinforce the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron patrolling the central part of the North Sea later that day . Two German Brummer class light cruisers managed to slip through the gaps in the British patrols and destroyed a convoy headed to Scandinavia during the morning of 17 October , but no word was received of the engagement until that afternoon .
During season 5 of 30 Rock , he appeared as guest star in the role of Liz Lemon 's boyfriend in the episodes " I Do Do " , " The Fabian Strategy " , " Live Show " , and " Double edged Sword " . Damon 's 2010 projects included Clint Eastwood 's Hereafter and the Coen brothers ' remake of the 1969 John Wayne starring Western True Grit . In 2011 , he starred in The Adjustment Bureau , Contagion , and We Bought a Zoo . In April 2012 , Damon filmed Promised Land , directed by Gus Van Sant , which he co wrote with John Krasinski .
Alvin Kersh ( James Pickens , Jr . ) sends Doggett to the Gulf to investigate , but Mulder is already present when Doggett arrives . The agents meet Taylor , who claims de la Cruz tried to blow up the platform . Meanwhile , Dana Scully finds black oil in de la Cruz 's skull during an autopsy — the oil is dead and seems to have been irradiated . She concludes that he may have had some immunity to the black oil because he is a Huecha Indian , or an indigenous Mexican national . Doggett and Mulder find proof of black oil on the platform and quarantine it , but de la Cruz 's friend Diego Garza is missing .
The video was produced by Ridley and Tony Scott 's RSA Films . The musical director was Paul Mirkovich . On April 17 , 2012 , T Mobile launched a rebranded ad campaign that included broadcast and cable TV , Hulu , YouTube and mobile as well as print . In the refreshed ad campaign Foulkes starred in a commercial , entitled " Alter Ego " , in which she discards her usual pink dresses and high heels for a black and pink biker outfit and boots before embarking on a motorcycle ride . The commercials are perceived as a departure from previous female friendly Foulkes ads .
The game is acknowledged for having boosted the sales of PlayStation consoles and popularizing Japanese role playing video games outside Japan . It is widely considered to be one of the greatest games of all time . The game 's popularity has led to a series of prequels and sequels under the collective title Compilation of Final Fantasy VII . Square Enix announced a high definition remake of the game at E3 2015 for the PlayStation 4 . As with previous installments of the Final Fantasy series , Final Fantasy VII consists primarily of three major areas : an overworld map , field maps , and a battle screen .
It 's a very sexy record , but it 's fun . It 's [ got ] great melodies ; it 's catchy ; the beat knocks . It 's so many different elements to it . " When asked how is he satisfied with Rihanna 's vocals and his prediction on the song he further stated : " She definitely murdered it vocally . I was just at the studio last week listening to a mix of it , and man , she killed it . I really feel like , this song , it 's going to be big .
From 1971 through to the late 1980s , Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R rating which allowed more on screen nudity , sex and violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over . " Ozploitation " — writer director Mark Hartley 's own portmanteau of " Australian exploitation " — was a subgenre of the New Wave which accounted for the critically panned " gross out comedies , sex romps , action and road movies , teen films , westerns , thrillers and horror films " of the era , commonly overlooked in Australia 's " official film history " .
In this case the sample is often usable . Shells from both marine and land organisms consist almost entirely of calcium carbonate , either as aragonite or as calcite , or some mixture of the two . Calcium carbonate is very susceptible to dissolving and recrystallizing ; the recrystallized material will contain carbon from the sample 's environment , which may be of geological origin . If testing recrystallized shell is unavoidable , it is sometimes possible to identify the original shell material from a sequence of tests . It is also possible to test conchiolin , an organic protein found in shell , but it constitutes only 1 – 2 % of shell material .
Presidents could be used by the national government to influence , or even rig , elections , although to be effective the president had to rely on provincial and local politicians who belonged to his own political party . This interdependency created a complex relationship which was based upon exchanges of favors , private interests , party goals , negotiations , and other political maneuvering . The câmara municipal ( town council ) was the governing body in towns and cities and had existed in Brazil since the beginning of the colonial period in the 16th century . The Chamber was composed of vereadores ( councilmen ) , the number of which depended on the size of the town .
Its futility was predicted by the charge 's commander , Lt. Gen. James Longstreet , and it was arguably an avoidable mistake from which the Southern war effort never fully recovered militarily or psychologically . The farthest point reached by the attack has been referred to as the high water mark of the Confederacy . The charge is named after Maj. Gen. George Pickett , one of three Confederate generals who led the assault under Longstreet . After Confederate attacks on both Union flanks had failed the day and night before , Lee was determined to strike the Union center on the third day .
Beyoncé took inspiration from Solange , who helped in the writing process of the song , and former Destiny 's Child band mates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams . In " Get Me Bodied " , she mentioned " three best friends " because she was thinking of them while writing . While working on the lyrics , Swizz Beatz and the other producers in the team handled its production . " Get Me Bodied " and " Green Light " were planned to be released as the next two singles from B 'Day , following the lead single " Déjà Vu " .
There is some cycle storage available . The station is managed by Great Western Railway , who also operate all rail services from the station . As of the May 2016 timetable , the basic service from Monday to Friday consists of one train in each direction per hour between Bristol Parkway and Weston super Mare , calling at all stations . Some trains working between Cardiff and Taunton or Exeter St Davids call at peak hours and in the evening . All weekday trains at Bedminster also stop at Parson Street westbound and Bristol Temple Meads eastbound . On Saturday there is a similar pattern , but with no services beyond Bristol Parkway or Weston super Mare except during the early morning and late evening .
When asked whether she wanted to work with anyone on the composition , she suggested Suzuki and Sekito . The general instruction was to follow the pattern used by the music for Parasite Eve , with Suzuki and Sekito handling the majority of tracks , going so far as referring to the songs from the original Parasite Eve when handling remixes of old themes . In keeping with the game 's other development goals , Shimomura wanted to alter some of the established music , although she asked the team to include familiar themes from earlier games for fans . Suzuki was responsible for a large amount of track mixing .
On 19 December 1778 , the Queen gave birth to a daughter , who was named Marie Thérèse Charlotte de France and given the honorific title Madame Royale . The birth of a girl came as a relief to the Count of Provence , who kept his position as heir to Louis XVI , since Salic Law excluded women from acceding to the throne of France . However , Louis Stanislas did not remain heir to the throne much longer . On 22 October 1781 , Marie Antoinette gave birth to the Dauphin Louis Joseph . Louis Stanislas and his brother , the Count of Artois , served as godfathers by proxy for Joseph II , Holy Roman Emperor , the queen 's brother .
It was followed three years later with Mis Teeq 's " Scandalous " , which peaked at No. 35 on the Hot 100 and No. two in the United Kingdom . In the spring of 2005 , Eriksen and Hermansen settled in New York . Initially , their work was slow until they met singer songwriter Ne Yo in a hallway at Sony Music Studios in New York . Ne Yo , who had been working on his debut album , In My Own Words , decided to collaborate with the team , aware that Stargate produced R & B records .
Ventura soon offered Geldray a job and in 1937 Geldray moved to Paris . While in Paris , he went to the Hot Club de France and played with jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt , a musician about whom Geldray asserts , " I can honestly say that I have never heard anyone better " . The two became close friends and played together often . With the invasion of France by German forces in early 1940 , Geldray travelled to England , where he realised he would be safer . On 20 September 1940 he joined the Royal Netherlands Motorized Infantry Brigade , part of the Dutch army exiled in England .
Since these passengers are sometimes depicted as dismounting they may be taken to represent the apobatai , participants in the ceremonial race found in Attica and Boeotia . By N42 and S89 the equestrian parade is at an end , and the following 16 figures on the north and 18 on the south are taken to be the elders of Athens judging by their braided hair , an attribute of distinguished age in Classical art . Four of these figures raise their right hand in a clenched fist gesture suggestive of a pose associated with the thallophoroi ( olive branch bearers ) who were older men chosen for their good looks in competition .
There is capacity for 15,000 spectators . For the Olympics , a 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) long loop was added , which ran around the village to the neighboring village of Saint Bon and back . Roads were crossed on wooden bridges and underpasses . The loop involved an extra round around the stadium area , with an altitude difference of 84 m ( 276 ft ) and a maximum climb of 43 m ( 141 ft ) . The total climb for the 15 kilometre individual Olympic race was 546 metres ( 1,791 ft ) and for the 3 × 10 kilometre 346 m ( 1,135 ft ) .
Kirkland 's stepfather was a lieutenant in World War II and was injured while in combat . Cooder was modeled after David Mirkin , the showrunner of seasons five and six and co writer and the executive producer of two episodes in the ninth season . Spud 's head shape is modeled after Bart 's head . The " fisheye effect " , when Cooder is looking through the peep hole was drawn by hand , not optically by assistant director Matthew Nastuk . Matt Groening said they had several endings worked out , including one where Homer made the hula hoop over the chimney .
" There are dissenters to the praise . The writer Alan Bennett thinks that " inspired though his language is , I can never take more than ten pages of the novels at a time , their relentless flippancy wearing and tedious " , while the literary critic F.R. Leavis writes that Wodehouse had a " stereotyped humour ... of ingenious variations on a laugh in one place " . In a 2010 study of Wodehouse 's few relatively serious novels , such as The Coming of Bill ( 1919 ) , Jill the Reckless ( 1920 ) and The Adventures of Sally ( 1922 ) , David Heddendorf concludes that though their literary quality does not match that of the farcical novels , they show a range of empathy and interests that in real life — and in his most comic works — the author seemed to lack .
Instead he spent much of his time reading works by Wells , Carl Jung , and Samuel Butler , and working on Man and his Past . Crawford remained in the camp for seven months , until the declaration of armistice , at which he returned to Britain and was demobilised . Back in England , Crawford finished writing Man and his Past , which was published by Oxford University Press in 1921 . According to the historian of archaeology Adam Stout , the book was " a manifesto , a rallying cry for a new generation of archaeologists who shared in the idealism and the faith in the potential of Progress " .
The town 's clergymen and the principal of the Romney Classical Institute were the only non members who were extended privileges to the library . The 1849 " catalogue " listed Alfred P. White as the society 's librarian and E. J. Meany remained the principal of the institute . After 1853 , the society possessed a permanent fund of $ 12,000 , which yielded $ 720 per year , one half of which was devoted to the support of the Romney Classical Institute . The Romney Literary Society and the Romney Classical Institute flourished and continued to grow in importance and influence until the onset of the American Civil War in 1861 .
Along the border of Mount Pleasant Township and Bloomsburg , Fishing Creek picks up Little Fishing Creek at a distance of 3.86 miles ( 6.21 km ) upstream of its mouth before turning south and paralleling the western border of Bloomsburg . As it flows between Bloomsburg and Fernville , it turns sharply westward , paralleling U.S. Route 11 , and picks up Hemlock Creek , which is 1.52 miles ( 2.45 km ) above the mouth . Shortly after picking up Hemlock Creek , Fishing Creek turns southeast under U.S. Route 11 and flows parallel to Pennsylvania Route 42 for slightly over 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) , picking up Montour Run from the right , then empties 0.72 miles ( 1.16 km ) later into the Susquehanna between Bloomsburg and Rupert .
But can a virtuous man hesitate in his choice ? " A group of hunters on the frontier named their campsite Lexington when they heard news of the battle in June . It eventually became the city of Lexington , Kentucky . It was important to the early American government that an image of British fault and American innocence be maintained for this first battle of the war . The history of Patriot preparations , intelligence , warning signals , and uncertainty about the first shot was rarely discussed in the public sphere for decades . The story of the wounded British soldier at the North Bridge , hors de combat , struck down on the head by a Minuteman using a hatchet , the purported " scalping " , was strongly suppressed .
The most commonly used cylinder valve type is the single outlet plain valve , sometimes known as a " K " valve , which allows connection of a single regulator , and has no reserve function . It simply opens to allow gas flow , or closes to shut it off . Several configurations are used , with options of DIN or A clamp connection , and vertical or transverse spindle arrangements . The valve is operated by turning a knob , usually rubber or plastic , which affords a comfortable grip . Several turns are required to fully open the valves .
" Smith held most of the British politicians he dealt with in extremely low esteem , considering them to have pushed him and his country into an impossible position where , he asserted in 1970 , the decision to take unilateral action was " forced upon us " . In his prime , Smith was widely recognised by both contemporaries and rivals as a formidable negotiator . Hempstone considered him " a man too principled ( or short sighted ) to compromise with what he regards as wrong " , while Welensky compared dealing with him to " trying to nail jelly to a wall " .
As Virchow was uncertain of the etiology of the white blood cell excess , he used the purely descriptive term " leukemia " ( Greek : " white blood " ) to refer to the condition . Further advances in the understanding of acute myeloid leukemia occurred rapidly with the development of new technology . In 1877 , Paul Ehrlich developed a technique of staining blood films which allowed him to describe in detail normal and abnormal white blood cells . Wilhelm Ebstein introduced the term " acute leukemia " in 1889 to differentiate rapidly progressive and fatal leukemias from the more indolent chronic leukemias .
Academic debate over the Commission 's value has been strong . On the one hand , William Holdsworth wrote that the Commission was riven by strife between its lawyerly members and those of a more radical nature , and that its proposals were sometimes extreme . Other academics argued that the reform scheme was of great merit , and Hostettler , writes that " there is no evidence to confirm the belief of Sir William Holdsworth that the lawyers had a difficult time with the laymen " . Mary Cotterell , writing in the English Historical Review , notes that 13 of the 21 members were certainly not radicals , although Moyer and Bemers , Blount and Peters certainly were .
Its performance aided its parent album in becoming her breakthrough record , which eventually attained platinum certifications in Brazil , Colombia , and the United States . Its accompanying music video depicts Shakira performing the track , where she is often pictured with her guitar . A Portuguese language translation of the track titled " Estou Aqui " appeared on Shakira 's first remix album The Remixes in 1997 . An English language version was leaked to the internet in 2011 . The song has additionally been performed during six of the seven concert tours Shakira has held to date .
Analysis of her visions is problematic since the main source of information on this topic is the condemnation trial transcript in which she defied customary courtroom procedure about a witness ' oath and specifically refused to answer every question about her visions . She complained that a standard witness oath would conflict with an oath she had previously sworn to maintain confidentiality about meetings with her king . It remains unknown to what extent the surviving record may represent the fabrications of corrupt court officials or her own possible fabrications to protect state secrets . Some historians sidestep speculation about the visions by asserting that her belief in her calling is more relevant than questions about the visions ' ultimate origin .
The dinosaur show itself , Sitting with Dinosaurs , is based on the live Walking with Dinosaurs show . In addition to literature , the episode spoofs the Ocean 's Trilogy , a film series about a group of criminals that heist casinos . Selman revealed to Entertainment Weekly in January 2011 that the episode is essentially about " Homer and some people in Springfield hav [ ing ] to perpetrate an Ocean 's Eleven – style heist in the non Ocean 's Eleven world of children ’ s fantasy book publishing . " Throughout the episode as the story progresses , title cards with titles such as " The Crew " , " The Setup " , " The Heist " , and " The Payday " appear .
" Operation : Sleeper " was rated as a 7.5 , as was " Buried Secrets " . " Room 23 " got an 8 and was described as " definitely the type of new content that we are looking for . It 's something that won 't be missed by regular viewers but gives a little more insight into the nature of events on the island " . " Arzt and Crafts " also got an 8 and was said to have " a cleverly devised title " and was " packed with a healthy amount of humor " .
At the same time , the 1st and 2nd Regiments of the NK 9th Division , in their first offensive of the war , stood only a few miles short of Yongsan after a successful river crossing and penetration of the American line . Division commander Major General Pak Kyo Sam felt the chances of capturing Yongsan were strong . On the morning of 1 September , with only the shattered remnants its E Company at hand , the U.S. 9th Infantry Regiment , 2nd Infantry Division , had virtually no troops to defend Yongsan . Division commander Major General Lawrence B. Keiser formed ad hoc units from his support troops but they were not enough to counter the North Korean attack .
" Nation of Ulysses published a zine called " Ulysses Speaks , " which was an extension of their ideology expressed in their music and liner notes . The zines espoused what they referred to as " The Ulysses Aesthetic , " which was a mix of 1960s and 1970s radical politics , French Situationist writings , and juvenile delinquency . The zine was distributed at live shows as well as made available by writing the band . A total of 9 issues were published . The band was known for their extremely physical performances , during some of which Svenonius recalls breaking his arm , his leg , and breaking his head open on numerous occasions .
After completion in mid 1863 , the ship patrolled the Mississippi River against Confederate raids and ambushes as part of Rear Admiral David Porter 's Mississippi Squadron . Osage participated in the Red River Campaign in March – May 1864 , during which she supported the capture of Fort DeRussy in March and participated in the Battle of Blair 's Landing in April . The ship was grounded on a sandbar for six months after the end of the campaign and badly damaged . Osage , after being refloated and repaired , was transferred to the West Gulf Blockading Squadron in early 1865 for the campaign against Mobile , Alabama .
NY 36 turns northwest here , following NY 63 along Main Street for two blocks before returning west on Ossian Street . The highway turns again just six blocks later to follow Dock and Franklin streets northwest toward Dansville Municipal Airport . Ossian Street , meanwhile , continues west as NY 436 , which passes under I 390 a short distance to the west . Between NY 436 and I 390 exit 6 near Groveland , NY 36 closely parallels I 390 , remaining within 0.5 miles ( 0.8 km ) or less of it for the entire distance . Just outside Dansville in the shadow of Dansville Municipal Airport , NY 36 connects to I 390 a second time by way of McWhorter Road and exit 5 .
In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child . The marriage did not begin well . Quiney had recently impregnated another woman , Margaret Wheeler , who died in childbirth along with her child ; both were buried on 15 March 1616 . A few days later , on the 26 March , Quiney appeared before the Bawdy Court , which dealt , among other things , with " whoredom and uncleanliness . " Confessing in open court to " carnal copulation " with Margaret Wheeler , he submitted himself for correction and was sentenced to open penance " in a white sheet ( according to custom ) " before the Congregation on three Sundays .
In a letter to Stern and FBI director Robert Mueller , Thomas said that Donaghy 's conduct may have violated Arizona criminal law , and could face charges there . Per the United States Supreme Court 's decision in Ponzi v. Fessenden , federal plea bargains have no standing regarding state charges . On June 10 , 2008 , Donaghy 's attorney filed a court document alleging , among other things , that Game 6 of the 2002 Western Conference Finals between the Los Angeles Lakers and Sacramento Kings was fixed by two referees . The letter states that Donaghy " learned from Referee A that Referees A and F wanted to extend the series to seven games .
Finally , the airborne forces lacked a single , coherent policy , with no clear idea as to how they should be organised , or whether they should come under the command of the Army or the RAF ; inter organizational rivalry between the War Office and the Air Ministry , in charge of the RAF , was a major factor in delaying the further expansion of British airborne forces . However , despite these difficulties , by mid 1941 the fledgling airborne establishment was able to form the first British airborne unit . This was No. 11 Special Air Service Battalion , which numbered approximately 350 officers and other ranks , and had been formed by converting and retraining No. 2 Commando .
A " Fear Kratos " version of the bust was also produced ( 100 units ) that year , based on the Fear Kratos costume from God of War III . In 2015 , Sony again partnered with Gaming Heads to produce a limited edition ( 1,250 units ) lunging Kratos statue . The statue is 19 inches ( 480 mm ) tall and features Kratos wielding the Blades of Exile . For the God of War franchise 's tenth anniversary ( March 2015 ) , Gaming Heads produced two limited edition " Kratos on the Throne " statues , depicting the final scene of the original God of War .
In 2000 Q magazine placed Quadrophenia at # 56 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever . The album has been ranked # 267 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time . Townshend now considers Quadrophenia to be the last great album that the Who recorded . In 2011 , he said the group " never recorded anything that was so ambitious or audacious again " , drawing particular praise for Moon 's playing . The band viewed the tour in support of the album as disastrous . To achieve the rich overdubbed sound of the album on stage , Townshend wanted Chris Stainton ( who had played piano on some tracks ) to join as a touring member .
However , the services sought different characteristics in their aircraft – the RAF desired a single seat fighter with secondary intercept capability , while the Royal Navy wanted a two seat interceptor capable of secondary low level strike capability . Although financially and politically committed to a joint requirement with the Royal Navy , the RAF 's single seat design took precedence over the two seat version of the Royal Navy . However , RAF P.1154s would have to accommodate the Navy 's large airborne intercept ( AI ) radar . When HSA submitted the design on 8 August , the Royal Navy criticised the proposal , which had a tandem undercarriage layout incompatible with catapult operations ; consequently , a tricycle undercarriage design was investigated and accepted as practical .
The lumber industry grew rapidly , replacing furs as the key economic resource . Grain production began to develop late during this time as an emerging economic basis as well . Saw mills , and later grain mills , around Fort Snelling and Saint Anthony Falls in east central Minnesota became magnets for development . By the end of the era east central Minnesota had replaced northern Minnesota as the economic center of the area . This era was also as a period of cultural transition . At the time the U.S. took possession of the region , Native Americans were by far the largest ethnic groups .
On 15 June Disraeli tabled the Metropolis Local Management Amendment Bill , a proposed amendment to the 1855 Act ; in the opening debate he called the Thames " a Stygian pool , reeking with ineffable and intolerable horrors " . The Bill put the responsibility to clear up the Thames on the MBW , and stated that " as far as may be possible " the sewerage outlets should not be within the boundaries of London ; it also allowed the Board to borrow £ 3 million , which was to be repaid from a 3 pence levy on all London households for the next forty years .
When Bounty returned to Tahiti , on 22 September , the welcome was much less effusive than previously . The Tahitians had learned from the crew of a visiting British ship that the story of Cook and Bligh founding a settlement in Aitutaki was a fabrication , and that Cook had been long dead . Christian worried that their reaction might turn violent , and did not stay long . Of the 16 men who had voted to settle in Tahiti , he allowed 15 ashore ; Joseph Coleman was detained on the ship , as Christian required his skills as an armourer .
Hurlbut received a bachelor 's degree from Emerson College , where he majored in film and television . He graduated from Emerson College in 1986 . Hurlbut moved to Los Angeles in 1987 , where he began work in film as a driver , key grip , and gaffer , before becoming a cinematographer . He was a grip truck driver for the 1988 film Phantasm II . His early career included work on music videos for Gloria Estefan and Smashing Pumpkins , photo shoot work with photographer Herb Ritts for an April 1997 Absolut Vodka spread in Vogue magazine , and work on a Nissan " Enjoy the Ride " commercial .
Bobby Brown – lead vocals , songwriting , co production Gene Griffin – songwriting , mixing , co production Teddy Riley – background vocals , keyboards , mixing Dennis Mitchell – engineering , mixing , recording Jim Hanneman – engineering , mixing , recording Markell Riley – drum programming Aaron Hall – background vocals Bernard Belle – background vocals Lee Drakeford – background vocals In 2004 , Britney Spears recorded a cover of " My Prerogative " with Swedish production team Bloodshy & Avant , who produced her single " Toxic " from her fourth studio album , In the Zone ( 2003 ) .
In 1922 he wrote a primer on cricket titled The Art of Cricket published by Methuen & Co , London . In July 1913 he married Aileen O 'Donnell , the daughter of a wealthy Irish Australian pastoralist with large land holdings in the Riverina region of New South Wales . The couple met while Armstrong was representing the Melbourne Cricket Club in a match against a Wagga Wagga XV . Armstrong and his new wife settled in Melbourne , moving to the Sydney suburb of Edgecliff for business reasons in 1935 . Aileen died of a thrombosis in 1940 .
One month later , the French patrol vessel Jupiter I was mined off Calais . These were the last two ships credited to mines from UB 12 for the next fourteen months . UB 12 's activities over the next year are not well documented , and no specific record of her can be found in English language sources . However , it is known that during this period , she was helmed by four different commanders , with the final officer , Oblt . Ernst Schöller , assuming command in May 1918 . Under Schöller 's command , UB 12 departed Zeebrugge on 19 August to lay mines in the Downs off the Kentish coast , but never returned .
Sauber 's Mika Salo was fifth quickest , ahead of Fisichella . Trulli , Heidfeld , Ralf Schumacher and Frentzen followed in the top ten . The weather remained dry and hot for the Saturday morning practice sessions . Coulthard set the fastest time of the third practice session , a 1 : 15.965 . Häkkinen was second fastest , almost two tenths of a second off Coulthard 's pace . The two Jordan drivers were running quicker ; Trulli in third and Frentzen in fourth . Both Jaguars continued to be quick with Irvine fifth and Herbert eighth . The two were separated by Michael Schumacher and Button .
President Grant said of the amendment that it " completes the greatest civil change and constitutes the most important event that has occurred since the nation came to life " . Many Republicans felt that with the amendment 's passage , black Americans no longer needed federal protection ; congressman and future president James A. Garfield stated that the amendment 's passage " confers upon the African race the care of its own destiny . It places their fortunes in their own hands . " Congressman John R. Lynch later wrote that ratification of those two amendments made Reconstruction a success .
At its eastern terminus , Highway 409 crosses Kipling Avenue and merges onto Highway 401 express and collector lanes , while the westbound collector lanes diverge and become the westbound lanes of Highway 409 . Plans for Highway 409 , originally known as the Belfield Expressway , were first presented in 1965 to the Mississauga council . In September 1968 , three possible routes were submitted to the council . At the time , the town of Malton occupied the area of the planned expressway , having not yet been annexed as part of Mississauga . The 45 m ( 148 ft ) wide strip of land would require the expropriation and demolition of 50 houses , as well as several businesses , a school , and two community parks .
Gutowski finds evidence of what he calls the " protofestival " pattern throughout the United States . In addition to the jackalope , his examples include the sea serpent of Nantucket , which in 1937 led to " stories of armadas hunting the monster , and footprint discoveries by local businessmen " , accompanied by wide publicity . In similar fashion , Newport , Arkansas , publicized its White River Monster , and Algiers , Louisiana , claimed to be home to a flying Devil Man . Ware , Massachusetts , drew media attention to its local reputation for alligator sightings .
Modern researchers determined that the system developed on September 25 about 220 miles ( 350 km ) east of Guadeloupe . For most of its duration , the system maintained a northwest track , reaching hurricane status on September 27 . Later that day , a barometric pressure of 977 mbar , suggesting winds of 90 mph ( 150 km / h ) . Its intensification rate slowed on September 28 , before strengthening continued on October 1 . The winds reached 115 mph ( 185 km / h ) , which is the equivalent of a major hurricane , or Category 3 on the Saffir Simpson scale .
He also assisted Gillain with the setting up of Totale Journal , a publication he would later work for again upon his return from America . Mézières had been fascinated by the American Old West since he was a little boy through exposure to Western genre films starring the likes of Gary Cooper , Burt Lancaster and James Stewart and comics such as Lucky Luke and Jerry Spring . At the age of sixteen , he had attempted to travel to Mexico with Jean Giraud , whose mother lived there , but was prevented by his parents . In 1965 , Mézières arranged a working visa through a friend of Jijé 's who had a factory in Houston , Texas .
Show runner Mike Reiss said he will always remember it as the episode " that came back animated with a thousand mistakes in it and was just a complete and utter mess . " Reardon said there was " literally a mistake in every other scene " when the episode came back from Korea . Several scenes had to be re animated in the United States because of these glitches , but according to Reardon , " you can still see the lesser ones that got through , such as line quality problems particularly in the first act . " Though it aired in season three , " When Flanders Failed " was produced during the previous season .
Although suffering a rupture of his cruciate ligament , which kept him off the field for almost six months , Kahn made his debut match for the German national team two months after his return . Bayern defeated Bordeaux 3 – 1 in the 1996 UEFA Cup Final . In the 1996 – 97 Bundesliga season , Kahn achieved his first German championship with Bayern Munich , the German League Cup , and was named German Goalkeeper of the Year for the second time in his career ( the first in 1994 ) . In 1999 , Bayern Munich reached the 1999 Champions League Final , facing Manchester United at Camp Nou .
He attended The King 's School , Canterbury , from 1769 , where he was such a good student that he received an exhibition scholarship on his matriculation at Corpus Christi College , Oxford , in March 1781 . At the time there were only two awards at Oxford : the Chancellor 's medals for English and Latin prose . After an initial attempt to win them which failed , he won the Latin prize in his second year and the English prize in the third . Abbot was then elected a fellow of Corpus Christi where , acting as a tutor to the son of Sir Francis Buller , he first considered becoming a barrister .
As champions of the Football League , Burnley qualified for the Charity Shield , then known as the Dewar Shield . Burnley 's opponents were Tottenham Hotspur , who had finished sixth in the First Division and beaten Wolverhampton Wanderers in the FA Cup final . In what was the last match of the 1920 – 21 campaign , Burnley fell to a 0 – 2 loss at White Hart Lane on 16 May 1921 . The match was not without controversy , as the Burnley players claimed that the second goal should have been disallowed despite the Tottenham goalscorer being onside , maintaining that the whistle had already been blown by the referee .
Aigrettes , as the plumes were called in the millinery business , sold in 1915 for $ 32 an ounce , also the price of gold . Millinery was a $ 17 million a year industry that motivated plume harvesters to lie in wait at the nests of egrets and other large birds during the nesting season , shoot the parents with small bore rifles , and leave the chicks to starve . Many hunters refused to participate after watching the gruesome results of a plume hunt . Still , plumes from Everglades wading birds could be found in Havana , New York City , London , and Paris .
On December 8 , 1863 , Anton Holter ( who later became a Montana Power Company executive and had Holter Dam named for him ) , who was taking oxen to sell in Virginia City , survived an attempted robbery and murder . When road agents George Ives and Aleck Carter , whom Holter recognized , discovered Holter was not carrying any significant wealth , they tried to shoot him . He was able to avoid being shot and escaped into the brush . Prior to the creation of the Montana Territory on May 26 , 1864 , and the arrival of the territorial courts , the only court system available for the residents of Bannack and Virginia City were the informal miners ' courts .
Axles spaced less than 40 inches ( 102 cm ) apart are considered a single axle . In effect , the formula reduces the legal weight limit for shorter trucks with fewer axles ( see table below ) . For example , a 25 foot ( 7.6 m ) three axle dump truck would have a gross weight limit of 54,500 pounds ( 24,700 kg ) , instead of 80,000 pounds ( 36,000 kg ) , which is the standard weight limit for 63 foot ( 19.2 m ) five axle tractor trailer . FHWA regulation § 658.17 states : " The maximum gross vehicle weight shall be 80,000 pounds ( 36,000 kg ) except where lower gross vehicle weight is dictated by the bridge formula .
This portion of the highway is still known today by the latter name . The highway through Keene Valley from Underwood to Keene was built by 1846 . At its southern end , it connected to a major stagecoach road that connected Albany to the Canadian border . The route fostered the rise of local lumber and tanning industries ; up to 40 wagon loads of timber used the stagecoach route daily . Various hotels and taverns opened in the nearby town of North Hudson to serve travelers along the route . In 1909 , the state of New York began to take control of many private highways across the state under the terms of the new highway law developed in 1908 .
They didn 't want to be in Rosewood after dark . We always asked , but folks wouldn 't say why . " Philomena Goins Doctor died in 1991 . Her son Arnett was , by that time , " obsessed " with the events in Rosewood . Although he was originally excluded from the Rosewood claims case , he was included after this was revealed by publicity . By that point , the case had been taken on a pro bono basis by one of Florida 's largest legal firms . In 1993 , the firm filed a lawsuit on behalf of Arnett Goins , Minnie Lee Langley , and other survivors against the state government for its failure to protect them and their families .
She becomes Lincoln 's lawyer and appears as a major character in the first season . Peter Stormare as John Abruzzi ( seasons 1 – 2 ) : Due to his role as the leader of a Chicago mafia , Abruzzi became a prominent figure at Fox River State Penitentiary . He agrees to provide an escape jet plane for Michael in exchange for the location of the eyewitness to his crimes , Otto Fibonacci . He appears regularly in the first half of the first season and makes selected appearances towards the end of the first season and the beginning of the second season .
In a close 21 – 15 win over Illinois , Bell scored two first quarter touchdowns and carried the ball a career high 35 times . Going into the Ohio State game , Bell was in a three person contest for the Big Ten Conference rushing championship . Bell led with an average of 134.1 yards per conference game to 125.1 for Billy Marek of Wisconsin , and 123.7 for Archie Griffin . Michigan ended the season with a 21 – 14 loss to Ohio State . Despite the loss , Bell won the battle of the backs , rushing for 124 yards on 21 carries and throwing for a touchdown pass , while Griffin was limited to 46 yards on 19 carries .
Anonymous , for instance , first writes of the " Slavs , Bulgarians , Vlachs and the shepherds of the Romans " as inhabiting the territory , but later he refers to " a people called Kozar " and to the Székelys . Similarly , Simon of Kéza first lists the " Slavs , Greeks , Germans , Moravians and Vlachs " , but later adds that the Székelys also lived in the territory . According to C. A. Macartney , those lists were based on multiple sources and do not document the real ethnic conditions of the Carpathian Basin around 900 .
His secret passion for writing music is revealed at the end of series two , which was influenced by Ross ' interests . Colin organizes and markets a concert for him , and the second series ends with Kenny performing " You Don 't Feel For Me " ( written by Ross himself ) . Lee Ross was only able to commit to the first six episodes of the 12 episode series three and four filming block because he was expecting a film role . Thus , by series four , Kenny has left for Australia . Colin Mathews ( Paul Reynolds ) is the Thatcherite in charge of the paper 's finances and advertising .
The team began training camp on June 3 at the Marion Military Institute in Marion , Alabama , and broke camp during the first week in July . The Americans played a 20 game regular season with no pre season games . ( The team did however play one " controlled scrimmage " against the Jacksonville Sharks on Saturday , June 29 , 1974 . ) Most games were played on Wednesday nights with nationally televised games on Thursday nights . The Americans won their first ten games , finishing the regular season 15 – 5 , in second place in the Central Division behind Memphis .
In 2004 , Total Film magazine named A Hard Day 's Night the 42nd greatest British film of all time . In 2005 , Time.com named it one of the 100 best films of the last 80 years . Leslie Halliwell gave the film his highest rating , four stars , the only British film of 1964 to achieve that accolade . It has a 99 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 101 reviews . It is also No.1 on Rotten Tomatoes ' list of the Top Ten Certified Fresh Musicals and No. 8 on the Best Reviewed Movies of All Time .
Evidence of this layer cake structure is visible on Mount Norwottuck of the Holyoke Range in Massachusetts . The summit of Norwottuck is made of basalt ; directly beneath the summit are the Horse Caves , a deep overhang where the weaker sedimentary layer has worn away at a more rapid rate than the basalt layer above it . Mount Sugarloaf , Pocumtuck Ridge , and Mount Toby , also in Massachusetts , together present a larger " layer cake " example . The bottom layer is composed of arkose sandstone , visible on Mount Sugarloaf . The middle layer is composed of volcanic traprock , most visible on the Pocumtuck Ridge .
On 26 November , Japanese Lieutenant General Hitoshi Imamura took command of the newly formed Eighth Area Army at Rabaul . The new command encompassed both Hyakutake 's 17th Army and the 18th Army in New Guinea . One of Imamura 's first priorities upon assuming command was the continuation of the attempts to retake Henderson Field and Guadalcanal . The Allied offensive at Buna in New Guinea , however , changed Imamura 's priorities . Because the Allied attempt to take Buna was considered a more severe threat to Rabaul , Imamura postponed further major reinforcement efforts to Guadalcanal to concentrate on the situation in New Guinea .
It was this fear that haunted me ; it taunted and pained me every moment . My music was probably the only distraction I had . But she understood that as she was growing up , so was her core audience . Feeling the need to attempt something different , Madonna wanted the sound of her new album to indicate what could be popular in the music world . She had certain personal matters on her mind that she thought could be the musical direction of the album . For lyrical ideas of the title track , she chose topics that until then had been personal meditations never to be shared with the general public .
In 1996 , a team led by biologist David Burney collected breccias containing bats and other animals from the cave of Anjohibe in northwestern Madagascar . The bats in the sample were described by Karen Samonds ( previously Irwin ) in her 2006 Ph.D. dissertation and a 2007 paper . She found several living species in addition to two extinct ones , Triaenops goodmani and Hipposideros besaoka , that she described as new . Hipposideros , the genus to which H. besaoka is assigned , contains the living species Hipposideros commersoni from Madagascar , among many others . The specific name besaoka is the Malagasy for " big chin " .
" Photograph " served as the fifth and final single from the album . It reached the top five on the main singles charts in more than five countries . In the US , where it peaked at No. 10 , " Photograph " became the third single from the album to have reached within the top ten . In the UK , it reached No. 15 and has since been certified platinum for sales of 600,000 units . The single has also been certified double platinum in Australia and Canada , and platinum in New Zealand and Italy . The single 's release on 11 May 2015 followed the premiere of the music video on 9 May 2015 .
The habit of photographing victims , and the notion of killing women to use them as props , stems from killer Henri Nadeau , who murdered several women in order to use them as mannequins for his photography . The use of an overbearing matriarchal figure as a stressor harkens to Edmund Kemper , who was driven to kill young women by his hatred of his mother , who he eventually murdered before turning himself in ; both Dion and Kemper cut their mother 's vocal folds from their throats after killing them . Maxine Miller and Ken Pogue both make their first appearances as Catherine Black 's parents Justine and Tom Miller in this episode ; the pair would later reprise their respective roles in several episodes of the third season , including " The Innocents " , " Exegesis " , and " Seven and One " .
The son of a doctor , he was educated at Cheltenham College and won a scholarship to King 's College , Cambridge , where he would later forge a career as an academic . Inglis spent a two year period with the engineering firm run by John Wolfe Barry before he returned to King 's College as a lecturer . Working with Professors James Alfred Ewing and Bertram Hopkinson , he made several important studies into the effects of vibration on structures and defects on the strength of plate steel . Inglis served in the Royal Engineers during the First World War and invented the Inglis Bridge , a reusable steel bridging system – the precursor to the more famous Bailey bridge of the Second World War .
The classic photomultiplier tube exploits the photoelectric effect : a photon of sufficient energy strikes a metal plate and knocks free an electron , initiating an ever amplifying avalanche of electrons . Semiconductor charge coupled device chips use a similar effect : an incident photon generates a charge on a microscopic capacitor that can be detected . Other detectors such as Geiger counters use the ability of photons to ionize gas molecules contained in the device , causing a detectable change of conductivity of the gas . Planck 's energy formula <formula> is often used by engineers and chemists in design , both to compute the change in energy resulting from a photon absorption and to determine the frequency of the light emitted from a given photon emission .
In contrast , drugs that induce cytochrome P450 enzymes , such as St John 's wort , the antibiotic rifampicin , and the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and phenytoin , accelerate elimination of many benzodiazepines and decrease their action . Taking benzodiazepines with alcohol , opioids and other central nervous system depressants potentiates their action . This often results in increased sedation , impaired motor coordination , suppressed breathing , and other adverse effects that have potential to be lethal . Antacids can slow down absorption of some benzodiazepines ; however , this effect is marginal and inconsistent . Benzodiazepines work by increasing the efficiency of a natural brain chemical , GABA , to decrease the excitability of neurons .
Vanadium phosphates have been proposed as the cathode in the Lithium Vanadium Phosphate Battery , another type of lithium ion battery . Vanadium plays a limited role in human biology . It is more important in marine environments than terrestrial . A number of species of marine algae produce vanadium bromoperoxidase as well as the closely related chloroperoxidase ( which may use a heme or vanadium cofactor ) and iodoperoxidases . The bromoperoxidase produces an estimated 1 – 2 million tons of bromoform and 56,000 tons of bromomethane annually . Most naturally occurring organobromine compounds are produced by this enzyme , catalyzing the following reaction ( R H is hydrocarbon substrate ) : R H + Br − + H2O2 → R Br + H2O + OH − A vanadium nitrogenase is used by some nitrogen fixing micro organisms , such as Azotobacter .
Other than some dubious collections in the 1830s and 1840s , no further sightings are known to have been made until 1973 , when Nelson rediscovered it . At the time it was regarded as a distinct species , but by 1995 it was thought to be a hybrid , and this was confirmed by genetic analysis in 2002 . In appearance it is very similar to A. sericeus , but its leaf segments are flat rather than cylindrical . A single plant discovered by Nelson near Israelite Bay , where both putative parents are found , is regarded as a hybrid between A. cuneatus and A. dobsonii .
Both proposals had been absorbed into the Great Northern Railway ( GNR ) by the time an Act of Parliament was obtained , but the original agreement was retained , and the GNR leased the Witham for 999 years for a payment of £ 10,545 per year to the proprietors . This figure represented the average profits for the previous three years , plus five per cent . The railway company also agreed to pay the interest on mortgages amounting to £ 24,692 which the proprietors held , but had redeemed them by 1857 . The railway from Lincoln to Boston ran along the eastern bank of the river , and opened on 17 October 1848 .
See also United States v. Buras ( argument that the taxpayer can be subject to an excise tax only if he benefits from a " privilege extended by a government agency " was rejected ) . ; Nichols v. United States ; and Olson v. United States . The argument that an individual who received Form W 2 wages is not subject to federal income tax unless the tax is imposed in connection with " government granted privileges " was ruled frivolous by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Coleman v. Commissioner . The argument that an individual who received Form W 2 wages is not subject to federal income tax unless the taxpayer enjoys a " grant of privilege or franchise " was ruled frivolous by the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit in May v. Commissioner .
Following problems with his power unit in both the Chinese and Russian Grand Prix , Lewis Hamilton received a redesigned MGU H unit , in a bid to solve the troubles which hampered him earlier . However , Mercedes was unable to guarantee that the problem would not appear again . With Spain being the first race in Western Europe , and a mid season test coming up after the race , many teams introduced their first major car updates for the Grand Prix . Mercedes ran a new front wing with a " more pointy " nose during first free practice .
The first strikes in the country since the start of the war broke out in 1915 , steadily increasing in frequency and magnitude . The unions ' role as troubleshooter between the employers and the workers soon led to conflict between the membership and union officials , and the Free Trade Unions steadily lost members . Correspondingly , the Reichstag faction of the SPD split over continued support for the war . The 1917 February Revolution in Russia was seen by the FVdG as an expression of the people 's desire for peace . The syndicalists paid special attention to the role the general strike ( which they had been advocating for years ) played in the revolution .
The second CD , titled Primal Feather , was released on 25 April 2012 , followed by a third CD , titled Summer Vacation , on 10 August 2012 at Comiket 82 , which had a general release on 12 September 2012 . A fourth CD with a Legumentine 's Day theme , titled Hatomame Sweet Blend ( 鳩豆スウィートブレンド , Hatomame Suwīto Burendo ) , was released on 14 February 2013 . An internet radio show for the series titled Habatake ! Sei Pijoneishon Gakuen Housōbu ! ( はばたけ ! 聖ピジョネイション学園放送部 ! ) was broadcast from 24 December 2011 to 25 January 2012 on the Animate TV website , with the voice cast from the drama CDs reprising their respective roles .
Seen as a problem in geometry , the task is to compute the vector to a starting point by adding the vectors for each leg of the journey from that point . Since Darwin 's On the Origins of Certain Instincts ( quoted above ) in 1873 , path integration has been shown to be important to navigation in animals including ants , rodents and birds . When vision ( and hence the use of remembered landmarks ) is not available , such as when animals are navigating on a cloudy night , in the open ocean , or in relatively featureless areas such as sandy deserts , path integration must rely on idiothetic cues from within the body .
He was given the Ensign C. Markland Kelly , Jr . Award in 2006 in recognition of being the best National Collegiate Athletic Association lacrosse goaltender . The 2006 team was Ivy League co champion with Cornell . In 2007 , he entered the season with a lower goals against average ( 6.45 ) than the NCAA Division I career record and was a preseason first team All American according to Inside Lacrosse . He served as co captain of the 2008 team . After a 5 – 7 2005 year , Princeton qualified for the NCAA Men 's Lacrosse Championship in 2006 & 2007 .
The writer and poet Blake Morrison treated the subject in his suite of poems Pendle Witches , published in 1996 , and in 2011 poet Simon Armitage narrated a documentary on BBC Four , The Pendle Witch Child . Events to mark the 400th anniversary of the trials in 2012 included an exhibition , " A Wonderful Discoverie : Lancashire Witches 1612 – 2012 " , at Gawthorpe Hall staged by Lancashire County Council . The Fate of Chattox , a piece by David Lloyd Mostyn for clarinet and piano , taking its theme from the events leading to Chattox 's demise , was performed by Aquilon at the Chorlton Arts Festival .
In the game characterized by Merkle 's Boner , Tinker hit an inside the park home run against Christy Mathewson of the New York Giants , prior to Fred Merkle 's baserunning gaffe . In the 1908 NL playoff game , which was a replay of the Merkle game , Tinker hit a leadoff triple off of Mathewson in the third inning , which ignited a four run rally that helped Chicago to clinch the pennant . Tinker then batted .263 as the Cubs defeated the Tigers in the 1908 World Series in five games . Tinker also hit a home run off of Bill Donovan , the first home run hit in a World Series following the 1905 rules agreement .
Smith was a notoriously reticent and shy individual that only granted one interview during his lifetime , in which he relayed only information pertaining to racing matters . Consequently , much of the published biographical information on Pittsburgh Phil 's early life , his rise to fame and the reasoning behind his methods on the track comes from interviews with his nephew , James McGill , who was a close confidant in the ten years preceding George Smith 's death . The Smith family initially lived on a small farm in Sewickley , Pennsylvania but moved in 1872 to Allegheny City when George Smith was 10 years old .
She also created a mobile temporary work for Chanel that was displayed in Hong Kong , Tokyo and New York in 2008 . Hadid will design the London Aquatics Centre for the 2012 Summer Olympics and the Guangzhou Opera House in China . The Chicago Tribune 's Pulitzer Prize winning architecture critic Blair Kamin spoke glowingly of the pavilion upon its August 4 , 2009 , completion , describing it as " a virtuoso display of structure , space and light " with an " arresting combination of naturalistic forms and alien shapes , plus a dazzling video installation " .
The fungus produces tiny yellow cups up to 3 mm ( 0.12 in ) in diameter , often without stalks , that fruit in groups or dense clusters on decaying deciduous wood that has lost its bark . The widely distributed species is found in North Africa , Asia , Europe , North America , and Central and South America . Found in late summer and autumn , the fungus is fairly common , but is easily overlooked owing to its small size . There are several similar species that can in most cases be distinguished by differences in color , morphology , or substrate .
Eternal Punishment begins when Maya is sent to write a story about the Joker phenomenon : according to rumor , if someone phones their own number , the Joker will kill on request . Going to Seven Sisters , she , Ulala , and Katsuya find the school principal murdered by the Joker . The Joker then attacks them , forcing each of them to summon their Personas . After the Joker knocks them out , Philemon contacts them and warns of a growing danger to the city . After waking , the three pursue the Joker into the school clock tower , where he attempts for force a student to remember the events of Innocent Sin .
The two advanced south to face Ragnall , and this led to a battle somewhere on the banks of the River Tyne , probably at Corbridge where Dere Street crosses the river . The Battle of Corbridge appears to have been indecisive ; the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba is alone in giving Constantine the victory . The report of the battle in the Annals of Ulster says that none of the kings or mormaers among the men of Alba were killed . This is the first surviving use of the word mormaer ; other than the knowledge that Constantine 's kingdom had its own bishop or bishops and royal villas , this is the only hint to the institutions of the kingdom .
In a January – February 11 game homestand , the Rage only won 2 games , falling to 9 32 3 , as they lost three to the Wild ( all shut outs ) , two each to the Monsters and the Ice Dogs , and split their series against the Avalanche and Brown Bears . The team 's struggles continued , losing two games each to the Monsters and the Ice Dogs . Against the Wild , they lost all three games in their homestand which ended with brawl . They ended the season going 1 – 2 in both Kenai River and Wenatchee and splitting the series against the Alaska Avalanche , 1 1 1 .
Bultmann believed that the cultural embeddedness of the Bible could be overcome by demythologising the Bible , a process which he believed would allow readers to better encounter the word of God . Christian philosopher John Hick believed that the language of the Bible should be demythologised to be compatible with naturalism . He offered a demythologised Christology , arguing that Jesus was not God incarnate , but a man with incredible experience of divine reality . To Hick , calling Jesus the Son of God was a metaphor used by Jesus ' followers to describe their commitment to what Jesus represented .
They fired 125.85 kilogram ( 277.5 lb ) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 840 m / s ( 2,800 ft / s ) . They had a maximum range of 29,400 yd ( 26,900 m ) at an elevation of 45 ° and the ship carried 128 rounds per gun . The secondary armament was to consist of eight 40 caliber 12.7 cm Type 89 anti aircraft ( AA ) guns in twin mounts . They fired 23.45 kilogram ( 51.7 lb ) projectiles at a rate between 8 and 14 rounds per minute at a muzzle velocity of 700 – 725 m / s ( 2,300 – 2,380 ft / s ) ; at 45 ° , this provided a maximum range of 14,800 meters ( 16,200 yd ) , and a maximum ceiling of 9,400 meters ( 30,800 ft ) .
Nobody would have dreamed of calling himself an atheist . " Atheism was first used to describe a self avowed belief in late 18th century Europe , specifically denoting disbelief in the monotheistic Abrahamic god . In the 20th century , globalization contributed to the expansion of the term to refer to disbelief in all deities , though it remains common in Western society to describe atheism as simply " disbelief in God " . While the earliest found usage of the term atheism is in 16th century France , ideas that would be recognized today as atheistic are documented from the Vedic period and the classical antiquity .
She won a few local races and trained with Canisius ' men 's cross country team . Wittenberg also trained with the men 's cross country team while attending law school at University of Notre Dame . While training with this group , she finished 16th at the Chicago Marathon with a time of 2 : 46 . After law school , Wittenberg moved to Richmond , Virginia to work for the Hunton & Williams law firm . She would spend busy days working in the office , marathon training with the University of Richmond cross country team , and studying to pass the bar .
) The Increased Performance Engine ( IPE ) program led to the 29,588 lbf ( 131.6 kN ) F110 GE 129 on the Block 50 and 29,160 lbf ( 129.4 kN ) F100 PW 229 on the Block 52 . F 16s began flying with these IPE engines in the early 1990s . Altogether , of the 1,446 F 16C / Ds ordered by the USAF , 556 were fitted with F100 series engines and 890 with F110s . The United Arab Emirates ’ Block 60 is powered by the General Electric F110 GE 132 turbofan with a maximum thrust of 32,500 lbf ( 144.6 kN ) , the highest thrust engine developed for the F 16 .
Wenemouet then took up the peace cause within the wider Wabanaki Confederacy , sending belts of wampum representing peace to the other tribes . After a translation of the written treaty by a French priest revealed differences between what it stated and what was negotiated , Sauguaaram repudiated the written treaty in January 1726 . At a peace conference held in August 1726 the Penobscots attempted to argue against the offending language , but were convinced to sign the treaty anyway . The Penobscots , despite their reservations , promoted this peace within the confederacy , and reported in March 1727 that all of the tribes except Grey Lock 's band had agreed to it .
Iona was an early religious centre , and was said to be the burial place of the kings of Alba until the end of the eleventh century , but declined as a result of Viking raids from 794 . The transfer of part of the relics of St. Columba from there to Dunkeld in the mid ninth century , closer to the centre of the kingdom and close to Scone , the ceremonial site of coronations , may have represented an attempt to develop a new religious centre , but it was St. Andrews , with its biblical cult , probably established on the east coast in the centre of their political heartland by Pictish kings as early as the eighth century , and never a major political capital or trading centre , which emerged as the centre of the Scottish church .
Lento ( Ahir Bhairav ) 7 : 52 minutes , III . Scherzo ( DoGa Kalyan ) 8 : 49 minutes IV . Finale ( Banjara ) 14 : 50 minutes . The website of the Ravi Shankar Foundation provides the information that " The symphony was written in Indian notation in 2010 , and has been interpreted by his student and conductor , David Murphy . " The information available on the website does not explain this process of " interpretation " of Ravi Shankar 's notation by David Murphy , nor how Ravi Shankar 's Indian notation could accommodate Western orchestral writing .
Rather than follow the valley of the River Chess , which would have been the most convenient route to Chesham , the route out of Rickmansworth was intentionally built on higher ground to reduce the steep climb over the Chilterns towards Aylesbury , and thus rose steadily from Rickmansworth to a hilltop station at Amersham . At Chalfont Road station ( renamed Chalfont & Latimer in 1915 ) , near Chalfont St Giles , the line to Chesham split from the line to Aylesbury . With a total length of 3 miles 56 chains ( 3 mi 1,232 yd ; 5,955 m ) , the single track Chesham branch ran alongside the Aylesbury line for a short distance , before curving down the slope of the Chess Valley at a gradient of around 1 in 66 .
The west tower is almost internal , barely projecting beyond the rounded corner of the curtain wall , and could only be entered via the parapet walk . The basement level contains a pit prison which was accessed from above . The east tower was almost completely rebuilt in the late 15th century as a gatehouse . Each tower was probably once topped by a conical roof . The gatehouse was built by the Campbells in the late 15th century , replacing an earlier round tower in the east corner . It takes the form of a four storey harled tower house , with the entrance passage running through half the vaulted basement , the other half forming guard rooms with arrow slits facing the gate .
A later study , while agreeing that the pigmented area represented something originally inside the body , found no defined structure and noted that any organs would have been distorted by the processes that flattened the skeleton into an essentially two dimensional form . Dark pigment is also present in the eye region of the holotype and another specimen . All described specimens of Sinosauropteryx preserve integumentary structures ( filaments arising from the skin ) which most palaeontologists interpret as very primitive type of feathers . These short , down like filaments are preserved along the back half of the skull , the arms , neck , back , and top and bottom of the tail .
They defeated Dynamo Dresden and Portuguese team Benfica in the second round and quarter finals , respectively . In the semi final , the club again met Borussia Mönchengladbach , who won the first leg 2 – 1 . Liverpool won the second leg 3 – 0 , progressing to a second successive European Cup final , this time against Club Brugge at Wembley Stadium in London . In the final Kenny Dalglish , who had been signed to replace Keegan , scored the winning goal after receiving the ball from a Graeme Souness pass . The 1 – 0 victory meant Liverpool became the first British team to retain the European Cup .
The division 's personnel and equipment were transferred to the newly raised 1st Cavalry Division ( Airmobile ) . Inspired by the pioneering German use of large scale airborne formations during the Battle of France in 1940 and later the invasion of Crete in 1941 , the various Allied powers decided to raise airborne units of their own . One of the resultant five American and two British airborne divisions , the 11th Airborne Division , was officially activated on 25 February 1943 at Camp Mackall in North Carolina , under the command of Major General Joseph Swing . As formed the division consisted of the 511th Parachute Infantry Regiment , the 187th Glider Infantry Regiment and the 188th Glider Infantry Regiment , and with a complement of 8,321 men was around half the strength of a regular U.S. infantry division of World War II .
With DARPA funded research , SRI contributed to the development of speech recognition and translation products and was an active participant in DARPA 's Global Autonomous Language Exploitation ( GALE ) program . SRI developed DynaSpeak speech recognition technology which was used in the handheld VoxTec Phraselator , allowing U.S. soldiers overseas to communicate with local citizens in near real time . SRI also created translation software for use in the IraqComm , a device which allows two way , speech to speech machine translation between English and colloquial Iraqi Arabic . In medicine and chemistry , SRI developed dry powder drugs , laser photocoagulation ( a treatment for some eye maladies ) , remote surgery ( also known as telerobotic surgery ) , bio agent detection using upconverting phosphor technology , the experimental anticancer drugs Tirapazamine and TAS 108 , ammonium dinitramide ( an environmentally benign oxidizer for safe and cost effective disposal of hazardous materials ) , the electroactive polymer ( " artificial muscle " ) , new uses for diamagnetic levitation , and the antimalarial drug Halofantrine .
" John Lannert described Mi Tierra for the Sun Sentinel as " Estefan`s Latin ' unplugged ' album " and her " most satisfying effort to date . " At the 36th Grammy Awards , Mi Tierra was the Best Tropical Latin Album . At the 6th Lo Nuestro Awards Estefan received two awards in the tropical category , for Female Artist of the Year and Album of the Year . The singer was Female Artist of the Year at the first Billboard Latin Music Awards , and Mi Tierra was Album of the Year in the tropical salsa category .
On a surprise inspection of the Palm Island Prison during an official visit in the late 1960s , Senator Jim Keeffe and academic Henry Reynolds discovered two 12- to 13 ‑ year ‑ old schoolgirls incarcerated in the settlement 's prison by the senior administrator on the island ( the superintendent ) , because " they swore at the teacher " . The following letter was written to a new bride by the ' Protector ' ; " Dear Lucy , Your letter gave me quite a shock , fancy you wanting to draw four pounds to buy a brooch , ring , bangle , work basket , tea set , etc , etc .
Inland , ducks such as mallard , teal , wigeon and pochard can be found along with heron , snipe , pheasant and red grouse . The hooded crow and jackdaw are present in considerable numbers , but geese are only occasional visitors . Mammals are under represented ; there are no red deer , stoat , weasel , red fox or hare . In the mid 20th century Gigha had eight boats engaged in fishing for cod and lobster , but commercial activity ceased some time ago . Gigha 's coasts have seen numerous wrecks . In August 1886 the Staffa ran aground on Cath Sgier west of Craro .
" Cameron felt the Titanic sinking was " like a great novel that really happened " , but that the event had become a mere morality tale ; the film would give audiences the experience of living the history . The treasure hunter Brock Lovett represented those who never connected with the human element of the tragedy , while the blossoming romance of Jack and Rose , Cameron believed , would be the most engaging part of the story : when their love is finally destroyed , the audience would mourn the loss . He said : " All my films are love stories , but in Titanic I finally got the balance right .
In most Western music , tone clusters tend to be heard as dissonant . Clusters may be performed with almost any individual instrument on which three or more notes can be played simultaneously , as well as by most groups of instruments or voices . Keyboard instruments are particularly suited to the performance of tone clusters because it is relatively easy to play multiple notes in unison on them . Prototypical tone clusters are chords of three or more adjacent notes on a chromatic scale , that is , three or more adjacent pitches each separated by only a semitone .
Even then , there was a great deal of mistrust between Wayne and his men ; Wayne had to keep his ammunition and bayonets under lock and key except when they were needed . Although Wayne was ready to march on May 19 , the force 's departure was delayed by a day because of a renewed threat of mutiny after the units were paid with devalued Continental dollars . Lafayette and Wayne 's 800 men joined forces at Raccoon Ford on the Rappahannock River on June 10 . A few days later , Lafayette was further reinforced by 1,000 militia under the command of William Campbell .
The enzyme aminoacyl tRNA synthetase " charges " the tRNA molecules with the correct amino acids . The growing polypeptide is often termed the nascent chain . Proteins are always biosynthesized from N terminus to C terminus . The size of a synthesized protein can be measured by the number of amino acids it contains and by its total molecular mass , which is normally reported in units of daltons ( synonymous with atomic mass units ) , or the derivative unit kilodalton ( kDa ) . Yeast proteins are on average 466 amino acids long and 53 kDa in mass .
The Water and Land Company soon went bankrupt , but William Beardsley would keep the project alive . Work had been primarily done on the diversion dam and canal while only the foundation of the storage dam , a gravity dam , was completed . The diversion dam , Camp Dyer Diversion Dam , was named after Edgar J. Dyer , a surveyor on the project . After nearly 30 years of struggling with funding and pursuing various deals , William Beardsley hired engineer Carl Pleasant to assist with designing . Pleasant recommended hiring the engineer firm Peckham and James to draft plans for the storage dam at the Frogs Tank site .
Kepler 10b 's discovery excited astronomers , who hoped to use data about it to inquire into the formation and structure that terrestrial , Earth size planets tend to have in common . Geoff Marcy of the University of California at Berkeley said that the discovery was ranked “ as among the most profound scientific discoveries in human history , ” and that the planet “ will go into every textbook worldwide . ” Marcy also described Kepler 10b as " a bridge between the gas giant planets we ’ ve been finding and the Earth itself . " Diana Valencia at the University of Côte d 'Azur in Nice , France considered the planet more of a " super Mercury " than a super Earth , granted its physical characteristics .
However , it has not been known when and where the animals have been introduced to Africa . In Cameroon , they are widely distributed . In the Democratic Republic of the Congo , they can be found both in peri urban environments as well as in rural regions , for example , in South Kivu . They are also frequently held in rural households in Iringa Region of southwestern Tanzania . Nevertheless , as a food source , guinea pigs are generally considered taboo in other countries in America and Europe . In reality television , guinea pig meat has been consumed as an exotic dish by such Western celebrity chefs as Andrew Zimmern ( for his show Bizarre Foods ) , Anthony Bourdain in No Reservations , and Jeff Corwin in his show Extreme Cuisine .
On the other hand , many Koreans did not speak Japanese well , and the eagerness of Okinawans to engage in manual labour occasionally motivated Micronesians to criticize the Japanese culture promoted by the Japanese administrators . Japanese cultural influences were the strongest in Chuuk and Pohnpei ; in most towns by the 1920s , most Micronesians were dressed in Western or Japanese style clothing . Micronesians in these two states were also very receptive to promiscuous liaisons between Japanese men and Micronesian women ; the first brothels appeared in both states in the 1910s . Separate brothels were established for Japanese and Micronesian men , although women in both types of brothels were mainly Micronesian women .
Dr. Hatcher , the President of LSU , resigned his position in February 1947 because of ill health . The search went out for a new president , and when Middleton was asked to be considered for the job , he declined , being very content with his job as comptroller . Following the search , Harold W. Stoke was brought in from the University of New Hampshire . Middleton thought Stoke had many good qualities , but he could not work well with the Board of Supervisors . Stoke was sometimes doctrinaire , and his formality when working with the board members was found to be annoying by some .
He also had two daughters , Constantina and Helena , wife of Emperor Julian . Although he earned his honorific of " The Great " ( " Μέγας " ) from Christian historians long after he had died , he could have claimed the title on his military achievements and victories alone . Besides reuniting the Empire under one emperor , Constantine won major victories over the Franks and Alamanni in 306 – 308 , the Franks again in 313 – 314 , the Goths in 332 and the Sarmatians in 334 . By 336 , Constantine had reoccupied most of the long lost province of Dacia , which Aurelian had been forced to abandon in 271 .
This latter fact was reflected in the game 's point spread . On December 9 , shortly after the matchup was announced , spread bettors favored North Carolina to win by 12 points . Several sports commentators , including Lou Holtz and Craig James , said North Carolina deserved a more prestigious bowl game due to its high ranking . " The Alliance has not served its purpose , " Holtz said in an interview . " It 's politics as usual . " The game was the 27th meeting between the two teams , continuing a matchup that first started in 1895 .
Mysterio , Morrison , and Jericho entered first and were locked into pods . The Undertaker was the fourth to make his way down to the ring , but an accident occurred during his entrance when his pyrotechnics were mistimed , resulting in him being momentarily engulfed in flames . He was cleared by a ringside doctor to wrestle , however , and was able to compete in the match . The final two , who were to start the match , were CM Punk , who was accompanied by his stable , the Straight Edge Society of Serena and Luke Gallows , and R Truth .
The Easys go on to have a reconciliation scene which is much more low keyed and tasteful than that in Love 's Last Shift , without kneelings and risings , and with Lady Easy shrinking with feminine delicacy from the coarse subjects that Amanda had broached without blinking . Paul Parnell has analysed the manipulative nature of Lady Easy 's lines in this exchange , showing how they are directed towards the sentimentalist 's goal of " ecstatic self approval " . The Careless Husband was a great success on the stage and remained a repertory play throughout the 18th century .
To many people across the world , the house sparrow is the most familiar wild animal and , because of its association with humans and familiarity , it is frequently used to represent the common and vulgar , or the lewd . One of the reasons for the introduction of house sparrows throughout the world was their association with the European homeland of many immigrants . Birds usually described later as sparrows are referred to in many works of ancient literature and religious texts in Europe and western Asia . These references may not always refer specifically to the house sparrow , or even to small , seed eating birds , but later writers who were inspired by these texts often had the house sparrow in mind .
Shortly after , Byrom added a fourth goal to his tally in Stevenage colours in April 2010 , scoring from six yards in a 2 – 0 win over Forest Green Rovers to ensure Stevenage were just two victories away from promotion . The following week , he scored in the second in a 2 – 0 win against Kidderminster Harriers in a game that witnessed Stevenage secure promotion to the Football League for the first time in their history . On finishing the season as league champions , Byrom said — " It feels brilliant . Words can 't really describe it .
They formed Johnson Voorsanger Productions , and serious work on the game began soon after . Their status as commercial game designers allowed them to meet with Sega of America , and they used cards covered in landscape drawings to demonstrate their idea of randomly generated levels . Sega marketing manager Hugh Bowen was immediately interested in the concept and he enlisted the aid of producer Scott Berfield to sell the game to management ; Sega wanted innovative games and new mascots to compete with Nintendo . The game 's small development team was composed of Johnson 's previous colleagues , and its music was composed by John Baker .
The prisoners ' library had grown during the 18th century , mainly through ad hoc purchases and various confiscations by the Crown , until by 1787 it included 389 volumes . The length of time that a typical prisoner was kept at the Bastille continued to decline , and by Louis XVI 's reign the average length of detention was only two months . Prisoners would still be expected to sign a document on their release , promising not to talk about the Bastille or their time within it , but by the 1780s this agreement was frequently broken . Prisoners leaving the Bastille could be granted pensions on their release by the Crown , either as a form of compensation or as a way of ensuring future good behaviour – Voltaire was granted 1,200 livres a year , for example , while Latude received an annual pension of 400 livres .
Within five years , nearly all the prickly pear cactus of southern Madagascar had been completely wiped out , sparking a massive famine from 1930 – 1931 . Although these ethnic groups have since adapted in various ways , the famine period is commonly remembered as the time when their traditional lifestyle was ended by the arrival of foreigners on their land . Since Madagascar gained independence from French colonial rule in 1960 , Malagasy cuisine has reflected the island 's diverse cultures and historic influences . Throughout the country , rice is considered the preeminent food and constitutes the main staple of the diet in all but the most arid regions of the south and west .
It also marked the third consecutive year with pre season tropical or subtropical cyclones in the basin . Ana formed out of an area of low pressure associated with a tropical wave on August 11 , Ana briefly attained tropical storm intensity on August 12 before weakening back to a depression . The following day , the system degenerated into a non convective remnant low as it tracked westward . On August 14 , the depression regenerated roughly 1,075 mi ( 1,735 km ) east of the Leeward Islands . Early on August 15 , the storm re attained tropical storm status , at which time it was named Ana .
The magnitude of the electromagnetic force , whether attractive or repulsive , is given by Coulomb 's law , which relates the force to the product of the charges and has an inverse square relation to the distance between them . The electromagnetic force is very strong , second only in strength to the strong interaction , but unlike that force it operates over all distances . In comparison with the much weaker gravitational force , the electromagnetic force pushing two electrons apart is 1042 times that of the gravitational attraction pulling them together . Study has shown that the origin of charge is from certain types of subatomic particles which have the property of electric charge .
Spiders have been present for many decades both in film and on television , predominantly in the horror genre . Those who suffer from arachnophobia , an acute fear of spiders , become particularly horrified . The spider web is used as a motif to adorn dark passageways , depicting the recesses of the unknown . Many horror films have featured the spider , including 1955 's Tarantula , exploiting America 's fear of atomic radiation during the nuclear arms race , The 1967 Godzilla film Son of Godzilla featured a spider kaiju named Kumonga ( also known occasionally as " Spiga " in English ) and another version of Kumonga featured in 2004 's Godzilla : Final Wars. the 1975 low budget cult film The Giant Spider Invasion , and Kingdom of the Spiders , a 1977 film starring William Shatner , depicting the consequence of hungry spiders deprived of their natural food supply due to pesticides .
Farrell graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in civil engineering in 1912 . During World War I , he served with the 1st Engineers on the Western Front , and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and the French Croix de guerre . After the war , he was an instructor at the Engineer School , and then at the United States Military Academy at West Point . He resigned from the Regular Army in 1926 to become Commissioner of Canals and Waterway for the State of New York from 1926 to 1930 , and head of construction and engineering of the New York State Department of Public Works from 1930 until 1941 .
To accommodate production of its new airliner , Boeing doubled the size of the Everett factory at the cost of nearly US $ 1.5 billion to provide space for two new assembly lines . New production methodologies were developed , including a turn machine that could rotate fuselage subassemblies 180 degrees , giving workers access to upper body sections . Major assembly of the first aircraft began on January 4 , 1993 . By the start of production , the program had amassed 118 firm orders , with options for 95 more from 10 airlines . Total investment in the program was estimated at over US $ 4 billion from Boeing , with an additional US $ 2 billion from suppliers .
The album reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and the lead single , " Makes Me Wonder " , became the band 's first number one single on the Billboard Hot 100 . In September 2010 , Maroon 5 released their third studio album Hands All Over , which was re released in 2011 to include the single " Moves like Jagger " featuring Christina Aguilera . While the original version of the album received mixed reviews , " Moves like Jagger " reached the number one position on the Billboard Hot 100 . The band released their fourth album , Overexposed , on June 26 , 2012 .
Tides at Lake Pontchartrain were 2 feet ( 0.61 m ) to 3 feet ( 0.91 m ) above normal . Gale warnings were prompted from Galveston , Texas , through to Grand Isle , Louisiana , at 18 : 00 GMT on August 28 . A confirmed tornado in Hardin County , Texas , damaged a trailer home and power lines . More than 6 inches ( 150 mm ) of rainfall was recorded within Texas and 7 inches ( 180 mm ) in the Beaumont – Port Arthur area caused minor street flooding . Tides were 1 ft ( 0.30 m ) above normal at Corpus Christi , while tides at Galveston were 2.2 ft ( 0.67 m ) above normal .
Her final years were spent in relative financial comfort ; several years before his death , Worsley had invested in shares in Venezuela Oil , which later became Shell Oil and provided good returns for Jean . She died at the Bamford home in 1978 , at the age of 78 , and in the same room that her husband had occupied at the time of his death . The couple were childless . A bust of Frank Worsley stands in his home town of Akaroa , New Zealand . The sculpture was created by artist Stephen Gleeson of Christchurch , and unveiled in 2004 .
Townsend died in Fairfax on 25 January 1976 at the age of 75 . Historians have noted the stridency with which Townsend put forward his pro Japanese views before World War II . Justus Doenecke , for instance , described Townsend as " The most adamant and extreme of the voices in America defending Japanese policy . " Judith Papachristou concurs that " Few anti imperialists were as extreme as isolationist Ralph Townsend " , though Townsend himself rejected the " isolationist " label during his life , and instead called himself a " realist " and " Pro Peace " .
The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Vincent and the Grenadines , currently Sir Frederick Ballantyne . Greenland is one of the three constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark , with Queen Margrethe II as the reigning sovereign . The territory first came under monarchical rule in 1261 , when the populace accepted the overlordship of the King of Norway ; by 1360 , Norway had entered into a personal union with the Kingdom of Denmark , which became more entrenched with the union of the kingdoms into Denmark – Norway in 1536 . After the dissolution of this arrangement in 1814 , Greenland remained as a Danish colony , and , after its role in World War II , was granted its special status within the Kingdom of Denmark in 1953 .
Between 1879 and 1885 , the Willamette River was charted by Cleveland S. Rockwell , a topographical engineer and cartographer for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey . Rockwell surveyed the lower Willamette from the foot of Ross Island through Portland to the Columbia River and then downstream on the Columbia to Bachelor Island . Rockwell 's survey was extremely detailed , including 17,782 hydrographic soundings . His work helped open the port of Portland to commerce . In the second half of the 19th century , the USACE dredged channels and built locks and levees in the Willamette 's watershed .
During the early stages of the occupation , they campaigned for harsher anti Jewish laws . Both Rex and the VNV routinely published anti Semitic articles in their party newspapers . Although the Belgian civil authorities ( especially the police and security service ) were officially forbidden to assist the German authorities in anything other than routine maintenance of order , several incidents occurred where individual policemen or police sections assisted in the German arrest of Jews , against orders . In Antwerp , the Belgian authorities facilitated the conscription of Jews for forced labour in France in 1941 and aided in the rounding up of Jews in August 1942 after the SiPo SD threatened to imprison local officials in Fort Breendonk .
Demonstrators frequently used the slogan that was used by demonstrators the day before the coup , " Better the war than the pact , better the grave than a slave " . Winston Churchill , Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , commented that " Yugoslavia has found its soul ” . For other nations in Yugoslavia , the prospect of war and the government 's close ties to the Serbian Orthodox Church was not at all appealing . Archbishop Aloysius Stepinac , president of the Roman Catholic Conference of Bishops of Yugoslavia , bitterly wrote in his diary that , " All in all , Croats and Serbs are of two worlds ... that will never move closer to one another without an act of God " .
Originally , the game was based around a shooting mechanic with very different controls . A desire to focus on jumping and the mapping of the mechanic to the A button resulted in it being dropped . Unlike in Mario Bros. , where Mario would be hurt by stomping on turtles without first flipping them on their backs , Mario could defeat turtles by stomping on their shells , as the developers decided the previous method had been illogical . The ability to have Mario change size was a result of basing level design around a smaller Mario , then intending to make his size bigger in the final version .
The Animatrix ( 2003 ) , based on the The Matrix trilogy , contains an anime short film in classic noir style titled " A Detective Story " which takes place within the story of the trilogy . Anime television series with science fiction noir themes include Ghost in the Shell , Cowboy Bebop ( 1998 ) , The Big O ( 1999 ) , and Noir ( 2001 ) . The 2015 film Ex Machina puts a film noir spin on the Frankenstein mythos , with the femme fatale sentient android Ava manipulating outsider Caleb to perform a crime against her creator Nathan .
Groza had a 52 yard field goal in the game , a record for a championship or Super Bowl that stood for 42 years . He was again named to the Pro Bowl after the season . The same scenario was repeated in 1952 and 1953 : the Browns reached the championship both years , but lost both times to the Detroit Lions . Groza was playing with cracked ribs in the 1952 championship loss , and he missed three field goals . Groza set a record in 1953 when he made 23 field goals and had an 88.5 % success rate , a single season mark that stood for 28 years .
From the end of July to mid August during the game 's original release , it was featured in a crossover with Rise of Mana , a mobile installment in Square Enix 's Mana series . An earlier collaboration was also staged between Agito and Square Enix Legend World , a Japan exclusive browser game . Eventually , it was determined by the developers that Agito was no longer suited for continued updates . The game was shut down on November 30 , 2015 . As part of its announcement of the game 's shutdown , Square Enix said that a new updated version was being prepared that would be better suited for further updates and improved player experience .
The phalanx was vulnerable to being outflanked by cavalry , if caught on the wrong terrain , however . The hoplite 's heavy armour and long spears made them excellent troops in hand to hand combat and gave them significant protection against ranged attacks by light troops and skirmishers . Even if the shield did not stop a missile , there was a reasonable chance the armour would . The Persian infantry used in the invasion were a heterogeneous group drawn from across the empire . However , according to Herodotus , there was at least a general conformity in the type of armour and style of fighting .
US 395 ran concurrently along the route from downtown San Diego to the intersection with Fairmount Avenue . By 1942 , the US 395 concurrency had been removed . With the completion of the Cabrillo Freeway , between 1946 and 1948 , US 80 shifted from Park Boulevard to 11th Avenue north onto the new freeway before continuing east onto El Cajon Boulevard towards La Mesa . The final San Diego alignment , with signs to be placed in 1954 , moved the western terminus to the intersection with US 101 where it traveled east on what was known as Camino del Rio and Alvarado Canyon Road , and then continuing on the Mission Valley road towards La Mesa .
Valve decided to create a platform that would update games automatically and implement stronger anti piracy and anti cheat measures . Valve also recognized , through user polls at the time of its announcement in 2002 , that at least 75 % of their users had access to high speed Internet connections , which would only grow with planned Internet expansion in the following years , and recognized that they could deliver game content faster to players than through retail channels . Valve approached several companies , including Microsoft , Yahoo ! , and RealNetworks to build a client with these features , but were declined .
It primarily targeted upper class readers as well as an aspirational middle class audience , featuring photographs , poems , fiction , and columns by popular authors such as Marie Corelli , Frances Hodgson Burnett , Jack London , and H.G. Wells . The London Season was regularly covered , with visuals of significant society figures and débutantes appearing . Fashion trends in Paris and London were frequently discussed as well , particularly by its fashion editor Marian Pritchard . The publication 's targeted reader was the " New Woman " , with enlightened ideas on education , health , independence , and employment .
In secret , however , he lives a double life as a member of an all animal espionage organization referred to as O.W.C.A. ( The Organization Without a Cool Acronym ) . Many secret entrances to his underground lair exist all around the house ; such as the side of the house , most notably the tree that his owners sit under in the backyard , and several other everyday objects that seem to elude the family 's attention . He engages in daily battles with Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz , an evil scientist who desires to take over the Tri state area with obscure contraptions that work perfectly according to his intended function but fail in his application of them every time .
Along with parts of Moss Side and Withington , in 1885 Bradford , Harpurhey and Rusholme became part of the City of Manchester . To cope with the extra demands placed on the area 's refuse disposal systems , Manchester Corporation began to look for disposal sites . A number of locations were considered , including one on Deeside and another in Nottinghamshire , but Carrington Moss was chosen due to the nature of its land and its accessibility . Therefore , in 1886 , the corporation bought the Carrington Moss Estate — an area of grouse moorland — from Harry Grey , 8th Earl of Stamford .
With it , Cortana activates a new ringworld being constructed . While the Flood are destroyed as planned , the slipspace portal through which Master Chief , the Arbiter , and Cortana attempt to escape collapses , thus stranding the Chief and Cortana . Cortana activates a distress beacon , but she knows that years could pass before rescue comes . As the Master Chief prepares to go into cryonic sleep to await rescue , Cortana confides to him that she will miss him . He replies to wake him when she needs him . Cortana makes an appearance in the last levels of 2010 's Halo : Reach , which in the game 's universe takes place before Combat Evolved .
While serving as Scott Heron 's and Jackson 's only album for the independent label , Winter in America helped Strata East Records achieve considerable notability among other New York City distributors of soul and jazz music during the 1970s , while the latter genre had been viewed by many jazz purists to be in a period of creative confusion and decline . In describing the label and its issued musical works , Dream magazine 's Kevin Moist stated " The diversity and experimentation of the music , plus the great quality of many of those experiments , make it seem like more like a creative golden age in which the dominant idea was new ideas mixing and blending cultural styles and artistic genres or pushing existing styles into new extremes .
The storm caused a total of about $ 20 million ( 2002 USD ) in damage and three fatalities . On September 9 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa , and by September 14 it was classified as a tropical depression . The next day the storm was located just south of Jamaica , and it developed into Tropical Storm Isidore . On September 19 , it intensified into a hurricane , and Isidore made landfall in western Cuba as a Category 1 storm . Just before landfall near Puerto Telchac on September 22 , Isidore reached its peak intensity , with wind speeds of 125 miles per hour ( 201 km / h ) , making it a strong Category 3 storm .
The vocals on the album were always live after rehearsing each song five or six times , according to saxophonist and flautist " Boots " Houston , who further commented that when Morrison and the band went into the studio : " we would then just play a whole set straight through without repeating anything . We would have played maybe twenty songs and Van would go back and cut out the songs he didn 't want . The only time we 'd go back would be to overdub backing vocals or horns . " Ted Templeman remarked that he had to go through three engineers during the recording of the album , due to Morrison 's " ability as a musician , arranger and producer " : " When he 's got something together , he wants to put it down right away with no overdubbing ... I 've had to change engineers who couldn 't keep up with him .
In the 1980s , his lifestyle was considered modest in comparison to those of many other Arab leaders . Gaddafi allegedly worked for years with Swiss banks to launder international banking transactions . In November 2011 , The Sunday Times identified property worth £ 1 billion in the UK that Gaddafi allegedly owned . Gaddafi had an Airbus A340 private jet , which he bought from Prince Al Waleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia for $ 120 million in 2003 . Operated by Tripoli based Afriqiyah Airways and decorated externally in their colours , it had various luxuries including a jacuzzi .
The genus currently includes the following species : Oryzomys contains medium sized , semiaquatically specialized oryzomyine rodents . They have long , coarse fur that is grayish to reddish on the upperparts and white to buff on the underparts . The marsh rice rat superficially resembles the introduced species black rat and brown rat , but has larger differences in color between the upper- and underparts . The vibrissae ( whiskers ) are short and the ears are small and well haired . The tail is usually as long as or longer than the head and body and is sparsely haired , but the hairs on the lower side are longer than those above .
Six years later , a second law was passed that moved the main office for the school to a newly constructed building across the street from the mosque . Additional structures were later added to supplement the three departmental buildings . The ideas advocated by several influential reformers in the early 1900s , such as Muhammad Abduh and Muhammad al Ahmadi al Zawahiri , began to take hold at al Azhar in 1928 , with the appointment of Mustafa al Maraghi as rector . A follower of Abduh , the majority of the ulema opposed his appointment . Al Maraghi and his successors began a series of modernizing reforms of the mosque and its school , expanding programs outside of the traditional subjects .
During the season , he was also selected to the initial squad for the AFL Hall of Fame all star game , although he failed to make the final teams . Geelong compiled a 21 – 1 win loss record to once again capture the McClelland Trophy and qualify for the finals series in first position on the ladder . After successive wins against St Kilda and the Western Bulldogs , Harley led the team to their second straight Grand Final appearance . During the Grand Final , Harley suffered mild concussion following a collision prior to the half time break .
Fico slowly weakened as it turned to the northwest over cooler waters , and became an extratropical cyclone on July 28 to the northeast of Midway Island . Swells from Fico , combined with swells from a storm in the Southern Hemisphere , produced rough surf throughout the Hawaiian islands . The surf destroyed one house and resulted in considerable damage along the southern coast of the island of Hawaii . No deaths were reported , and damage totaled $ 200,000 ( 1978 USD , $ 619,000 2006 USD ) . A tropical disturbance persisted 520 miles ( 835 km ) south of Acapulco on July 3 .
Mulder interviews Michelle Wilkes ( Jennifer Clement ) , Betts ' former partner , who recollects his ability to detect cancer . When an interior slice of Betts ' polymerized head is examined , the agents discover that his frontal lobe displayed signs of pervasive cancer . Mulder has Chuck Burks ( Bill Dow ) subject the slice to an Kirlian photography test ; the final image shows corona discharge that takes the appearance of human shoulders . Using fingerprint records , Scully learns that Betts had an alter ego named Albert Tanner . The agents visit his elderly mother , Elaine ( Marjorie Lovett ) , who claims that " Albert " died in a car accident six years previously .
Mary denied writing them , arguing that her handwriting was not difficult to imitate , and insisted they were forgeries . They are widely believed to be crucial as to whether Mary shares the guilt for Darnley 's murder . The chair of the commission of inquiry , the Duke of Norfolk , described them as horrible letters and diverse fond ballads , and sent copies to Elizabeth , saying that if they were genuine they might prove Mary 's guilt . The authenticity of the casket letters has been the source of much controversy among historians . It is impossible now to prove either way .
Magic effects creator Sean Field stated of Angel this year that , " Criss Angel is the biggest name in magic since Houdini ... No other magician has invaded pop culture to the degree that Criss Angel has . He has changed the image of magic and made it cool . " The show became one of the most popular foreign television shows in parts of Asia , including China . The television show was noted as a part of the mid 2000s films , television , and books that drove a resurgence of the public popularity of magic . Criss Angel Mindfreak was the first weekly magic television show to air in forty years .
The song 's lyrics tie in with a number of themes common in OK Computer , including insanity , violence , slogans , and political objection to capitalism . Yorke 's lyrics were based on an unpleasant experience at a Los Angeles bar during which he was surrounded by strangers high on cocaine . In particular , Yorke was frightened by a woman who became violent after someone spilled a drink on her . Yorke characterised the woman as " inhuman " , and said " There was a look in this woman 's eyes that I 'd never seen before anywhere .
Among them was " Die Erscheinung " ( D 229 ) , written in July that year ; John Reed sees the song as a forerunner to " Die Forelle " , observing that " Die Erscheinung " and other similar songs , " convey an intensity of feeling that belies their small scale " . From the following year to 1821 Schubert composed four songs using the poems of Schubart , " An den Tod " ( D518 ) , " An mein Klavier " ( D342 ) , " Die Forelle " ( D550 ) and " Grablied auf einen Soldaten " ( D454 ) .
However , the offense continued to be a disappointment . Brown had been jettisoned and replaced by Kanell and Kent Graham . Neither quarterback provided Pro Bowl caliber play , although Graham led the Giants to a 5 – 1 finish ( including an upset of the then undefeated Denver Broncos in Week 15 ) . Before the 1999 season the Giants signed quarterback Kerry Collins . Collins had been the first ever draft choice of the expansion Carolina Panthers and in his second season led the Panthers to the NFC Championship game . However , problems with alcohol , conflicts with his teammates and questions about his character led to his release from the Panthers .
In addition , many tribal councils have passed resolutions or issued statements regarding their opposition to the name of the Washington Redskins , including the Cherokee and Comanche Nations of Oklahoma , the Inter Tribal Council of Arizona , the Inter Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes , the Oneida Indian Nation ( New York ) , the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe ( North Dakota ) and the United South and Eastern Tribes ( USET ) . In April 2014 , Navajo Nation Council voted in favor of a statement opposing the name of the Washington team , as well as other disparaging references to American Indians by other professional sports franchises .
As part of the preparation , IBM constructed a mock set in a conference room at one of its technology sites to model the one used on Jeopardy ! . Human players , including former Jeopardy ! contestants , also participated in mock games against Watson with Todd Alan Crain of The Onion playing host . About 100 test matches were conducted with Watson winning 65 % of the games . To provide a physical presence in the televised games , Watson was represented by an " avatar " of a globe , inspired by the IBM " smarter planet " symbol .
Mulder hears footsteps behind him and turns around to see Linda Bowman pointing a gun at him ; " Linda " states personal information about Mulder , revealing herself to indeed be Scully despite what Mulder sees . She fires a shot at a figure moving behind Mulder , and he then sees Scully in front of him , and a wounded Linda behind him . In Skinner 's office , Linda Bowman 's brain scan shows an advanced temporal lobe tumor , just like her fraternal twin , Robert Modell ; the two had been separated at birth . Mulder has misgivings about nearly killing Scully and feels that he ultimately lost Linda 's game .
During the period 1142 – 1148 Chesney forced Gloucester Abbey , then under the abbacy of his nephew Gilbert Foliot , to pay him sums of money . Foliot , in one of his surviving letters , reprimanded his uncle for his behaviour , asking him " Which of God 's poor around you have you not harmed ? " In 1147 , Chesney granted the island of Medley to Osney Abbey in the name of his father and brother Roger , as well as King Stephen , Queen Matilda and their son Eustace . After 1148 , Chesney apparently began to hedge his bets as he appears in the company of Roger of Hereford , the Earl of Hereford , who was a firm supporter of Matilda 's and her son Henry 's cause .
The Act includes a number of miscellaneous points , mainly in Sections 5 and 6 . The Act and its provisions are taken to extend to The Crown , which can be held tortiously liable to the extent laid out in the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 . It repeals Section 4 of the Occupiers ' Liability Act 1957 , replacing it with Section 4 of this Act , and unlike the 1957 Act does not allow any provisions or duties to be excluded or restricted . The Act met a mixed review from academics . North praised it , saying that " The Act admirably disposes of confusion , controversy , illogicality and point less distinctions " , while admitting that the vagueness of much of it left it up to the courts to flesh out the statute .
The more she worked with the poor in her foundation , the more she adopted an outraged attitude toward the existence of poverty , saying , " Sometimes I have wished my insults were slaps or lashes . I 've wanted to hit people in the face to make them see , if only for a day , what I see each day I help the people . " Crassweller writes that Evita became fanatical about her work in the foundation and felt on a crusade against the very concept and existence of poverty and social ills . " It is not surprising " , writes Crassweller , " that as her public crusades and her private adorations took on a narrowing intensity after 1946 , they simultaneously veered toward the transcendental .
Designing each item required the developers to go word by word . Slaczka stated that certain kinds of words , such as cheeses , require little to no differences , besides items such as Limburger which would scare people away from it . He stated that the developers used discretion when deciding what to make look different , providing a cyborg , robot , and android , which he felt were different enough to require their own individual designs . He later stated that there was no way to test out each item and each way they interact with another item , as it was virtually impossible for them to accomplish this , using an example of an airplane being frozen , brought back in time , placing an old man on top of it , bringing it back to present time , and setting it on fire .
Work was halted on 31 December 1914 . By this time Greece had only paid AG Vulcan £ 450,000 . Bethlehem refused to send the main battery guns to Greece . The 14 inch guns were instead sold to the British , who used them to arm the four Abercrombie class monitors . The incomplete vessel was towed to Kiel , where she was used as a barracks ship . After the end of the war , the Greek navy refused to accept the incomplete hull , and AG Vulcan sued the Greek government in 1923 . A lengthy arbitration ensued .
Brody is vindicated when more shark attacks occur at the crowded beach in broad daylight . Sinyard calls the film a " deft combination of Watergate and Ibsen 's play " . Jaws has received attention from academic critics . Stephen Heath relates the film 's ideological meanings to the then recent Watergate scandal . He argues that Brody represents the " white male middle class — [ there is ] not a single black and , very quickly , not a single woman in the film " , who restores public order " with an ordinary guy kind of heroism born of fear and decency " .
Large flight feathers are found on the wings and tail , contour feathers cover the bird 's surface and fine down occurs on young birds and under the contour feathers of water birds . The only cutaneous gland is the single uropygial gland near the base of the tail . This produces an oily secretion that waterproofs the feathers when the bird preens . There are scales on the legs , feet and claws on the tips of the toes . Mammals are a diverse class of animals , mostly terrestrial but some are aquatic and others have evolved flapping or gliding flight .
The riders then began the climb of the Col de Tamié , which was followed by the ascent of Col de la Forclaz . After a decent and a number of small hills , the Col de la Croix Fry was climbed . At the top a small drop and climb over the Col des Aravis took the riders to a descent and a long gradual incline . A further descent and flat section placed the race at the foot of the Côte des Amerand . After a small drop the stage concluded with the climb to Saint Gervais les Bains .
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children 's supplement Le Petit Vingtième , it was serialised weekly from December 1935 to February 1937 . The story tells of young Belgian reporter Tintin and his dog Snowy , who pursue the thieves of a South American fetish identifiable by its broken ear . In doing so , he ends up in the fictional nation of San Theodoros , where he becomes embroiled in a civil war and discovers the Arumbaya tribe deep in the forest . The Broken Ear was a commercial success and was published in book form shortly after its conclusion .
Research conducted about the show 's affects showed that viewers gained in four major areas : basic knowledge , blood safety , discrimination , and numeracy skills . They also improved in life skills , such as safety , sounds , nature , emotions , and self esteem . Hikayat Simsim premiered in 2003 in Jordan . According to its producers , its goal was to " promote respect in the face of conflict " . The show also focused on literacy , numeracy , health and hygiene , emotions , road safety , and the environment . Afghanistan temporarily aired its first version of Sesame Street , called Koche Sesame in 2004 , to help rebuild its educational system .
This problem was first alluded to in 1958 in public talks that mentioned Zeus ' inability to discriminate targets . If the decoys spread apart further than the lethal radius of the Zeus ' warhead , several interceptors will be required to guarantee that the warhead hiding among the decoys will be destroyed . Decoys are lightweight , and would slow down when they began to reenter the upper atmosphere , allowing them to be picked out , or decluttered . But by that time it would be so close to the Zeus base that there might not be time for the Zeus to climb to altitude .
On 25 May 1871 Pedro II and his wife traveled to Europe . He had long desired to vacation abroad . When news arrived that his younger daughter , the 23 year old Leopoldina , had died in Vienna of typhoid fever on 7 February , he finally had a pressing reason to venture outside the Empire . Upon arriving in Lisbon , Portugal , he immediately went to the Janelas Verdes palace , where he met with his stepmother Amélie of Leuchtenberg . The two had not seen each other in forty years , and the meeting was emotional .
In 1669 Frances Conyers of New Hall had " cole pits " in Middleton . The pits were small and numerous and many worked for a short time . Gin pits using horses to turn the windlass were the next development and the deeper pits had brick lined shafts and wooden headgear for hauling tubs of coal and miners out of the workings . This type of mine was in operation when Anne Leigh married Ralph Brandling whose family owned collieries in Durham . Brandling 's 1,200 acre Middleton estate supplied coal to Leeds but was disadvantaged in the trade by poor roads .
Technically this was not Wolfe 's first sale , as he had already had " The Dead Man " published in the October 1965 issue of Sir ! , but " Mountains Like Mice " had been written earlier . If 's covers during the 1960s were typically action oriented , showing monsters and aliens ; and several of the stories Pohl published were directed at a younger audience . For example , Blish 's Welcome to Mars , serialized under the title The Hour Before Earthrise in July to September 1966 , was about a teenage genius whose antigravity device stranded him and his girlfriend on Mars .
Chlorophyll absorbs green light poorly because it first arose in organisms living in oceans where purple halobacteria were already exploiting photosynthesis . Their purple color arose because they extracted energy in the green portion of the spectrum using bacteriorhodopsin . The new organisms that then later came to dominate the extraction of light were selected to exploit those portions of the spectrum not used by the halobacteria . Animals typically use the color green as camouflage , blending in with the chlorophyll green of the surrounding environment . Green animals include , especially , amphibians , reptiles , and some fish , birds and insects .
While the third story was the residence of the Dalai Lama , the second floor had the images Amitayus and also eight ' Medicine Buddhas ' , as also reliquaries ( stupas ) of Gyeltsen Zangpo and Jetsun Chokyi Gyeltsen . However , as per reports , this college was destroyed and all resident monks also died in the bombardment done by the Chinese in 1959 . Homdong Khangtsang , also spelt ‘ Kamcuns ’ in Tibetan language , are the main dwelling units or dormitories which house the monks of the monastery ; there are thirty three Kamcuns surrounding the central courtyard .
In the United Kingdom , she shared her time between Spencer House , London , the residence of her youngest son , Prince Christopher ; Regent 's Park , where her daughter , Grand Duchess Marie , rented a mansion ; Sandringham House , the home of her sister in law , Queen Alexandra ; and Windsor Castle and Buckingham Palace , where her nephew , King George V , lent apartments . Olga 's final years were marked by ill health . Lameness restricted her to a wheelchair , and she stayed in Paris several times to undergo treatment for her eyes .
This force was far too small for the tactics that he wanted to use . He flew in the lead plane , B 17 # 41 24458 , nicknamed " San Antonio Rose I " , from the 64th Bombardment Squadron , 43rd Bombardment Group , which was piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Jack W. Bleasdale , the group 's executive officer . The 64th Bombardment Squadron 's commanding officer , Major Allen Lindberg was also on board . The briefing officer for the mission , Major David Hassemer , did not think that it was a good idea for so many senior officers to fly in the same plane , but his objection was overruled .
He was not selected for any of the social clubs that dominated campus life , and he felt this exclusion keenly . He was equally unsuccessful with the Glee Club and the football team ; for a time he rowed as a substitute for the rowing club . He later described himself as a " serious boy " , a hard worker who did not smoke , drink , or consort with prostitutes . He mixed more in his sophomore and senior years . He became a member of the Hasty Pudding Club and appeared as a blond wigged chorus girl in the 1892 student musical .
Named after Vancouver 's commuter rail service , the line consisted of Markus Naslund at left wing , Brendan Morrison at centre , and Todd Bertuzzi playing right wing . The West Coast Express was a high scoring line that was considered to be one of the best lines in hockey during its tenure . Each player was acquired by the Canucks through various trades . Once each member arrived in Vancouver it took two years before the line played together regularly . Once they did , they helped to set a Canucks franchise record for points in 2002 – 03 season ( later surpassed ) , a season in which the West Coast Express accounted for 45 % of the team 's goal production .
The nominate subspecies , A. p. parulus , is found in western Chile and in southwest Argentina south to Tierra del Fuego and was described by Kittlitz in 1830 . The third subspecies , A. p. patagonicus , is found in western Argentina and was described by Austrian ornithologist Carl Eduard Hellmayr in 1920 . The tufted tit tyrant is a small bird , averaging 9.5 to 11 centimeters ( 3.7 to 4.3 in ) in length and weighing about 6 grams ( 0.21 oz ) . Its long , recurved crest is typically conspicuous and is often parted , giving the impression that the bird has two crests .
In 1989 the Florida Cracker Horse Association was founded and in 1991 a registry was established . After the registry was created , 75 horses designated as " foundation horses " and 14 of their offspring were immediately registered . These horses came mainly from four lines of Cracker bloodstock and were designated as purebreds by breed experts – partbred horses were denied entry to the registry . As of 2009 , around 900 horses had been registered since the foundation of the registry . Effective July 1 , 2008 , the Florida House of Representatives declared the Florida Cracker Horse the official state horse .
Unryū was initially equipped with 16 triple 25 mm ( 1 in ) Type 96 and 3 single Type 96 AA gun mounts , most on sponsons along the sides of the hull . These guns were supplemented by six 28 round AA rocket launchers . Shortly after completion , another 4 triple and 13 single 25 mm mounts were added . For defense against submarines , the carrier was fitted with six depth charge throwers and carried between six and ten depth charges for them . A Type 3 sonar and a Type 93 hydrophone were fitted to detect any submarines .
The spokesperson further indicated that the ministry had not at that time received official filming requests from Valkyrie 's producers . Colonel Stauffenberg 's eldest child , retired Bundeswehr general Berthold Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg , also voiced concerns over Cruise 's portrayal of his father , saying that he would not oppose the film 's production , but hoped that Cruise would drop the role . " I fear that only terrible kitsch will come out of the project . It 's bound to be rubbish , " he said . " Cruise should keep his hands off my father .
It is designed to retool Brawl to play more like its two predecessors , Super Smash Bros. ( 1999 ) and Super Smash Bros. Melee ( 2001 ) , in response to fan objections to Brawl 's physics , slower paced gameplay , larger use of chance elements , and mechanics of certain attacks . Project M brings back the characters Mewtwo and Roy , who were present in Melee but did not return for Brawl . In addition , it features a new art style for in game menus and allows players to choose certain characters individually when they are only accessible as extensions of other ones in Brawl .
The drama documentary Codebreaker , about Turing 's life , was aired by UK 's Channel 4 in November 2011 and was released in the US in October 2012 . It is also known as Britain 's Greatest Codebreaker . The film features Ed Stoppard as Turing and Henry Goodman as Franz Greenbaum . The historical drama film The Imitation Game , directed by Morten Tyldum and starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing and Keira Knightley as Joan Clarke , was released in the UK on 14 November 2014 and released theatrically in the US on 28 November 2014 . It is about Alan Turing breaking the Enigma code with other codebreakers in Bletchley Park .
The second completed the mission but was found to have lost brake power as it was returning to Tengah , and there was a danger of the aircraft overrunning the landing strip and sustaining heavy damage ; the crew was able to slow the Lincoln on the runway by trailing a parachute from the rear turret upon touching down . No. 38 Squadron relocated from Kuala Lumpur to its former base at Changi in February 1952 . As the year progressed , RAAF transport priorities altered owing to the increasing demands of the Korean War , and the Malayan commitment was no longer considered sustainable .
The pantropical subfamily Nasutitermitinae has a specialised caste of soldiers , known as nasutes , that have the ability to exude noxious liquids through a horn like frontal projection that they use for defence . Nasutes have lost their mandibles through the course of evolution and must be fed by workers . A wide variety of monoterpene hydrocarbon solvents have been identified in the liquids that nasutes secrete . Soldiers of the species Globitermes sulphureus commit suicide by autothysis – rupturing a large gland just beneath the surface of their cuticles . The thick , yellow fluid in the gland becomes very sticky on contact with the air , entangling ants or other insects which are trying to invade the nest .
Traffic was redirected , making all four lanes northbound to allow evacuations . Likewise , military installations such as NAS Pensacola , Whiting Field , Eglin AFB , Hurlburt Field and Tyndall AFB were all evacuated days before the storm . Red Cross officials opened 87 shelters across the state which were able to hold about 14,000 evacuees . As Hurricane Dennis moved through the state , sustained winds reached minimal hurricane force in the interior of the state . In total , 280,000 people in Alabama experienced power outages during the storm . No deaths occurred , although Dennis caused three injuries and total damage amounted to $ 127 million ( 2005 USD ) , mostly due to structural damage .
It is the seventh published game in the Metroid series , a direct sequel to Metroid Prime , and the first game in the series with a multiplayer feature . Echoes was released in North America , Europe , and Australia in 2004 ; and in Japan in May 2005 . The story of Echoes follows bounty hunter Samus Aran after she is sent to rescue Galactic Federation Marines from a ship near Aether , a planet inhabited by a race known as the Luminoth . There , she discovers that the troops were slaughtered by the Ing , a race that came from an alternate dimension of Aether .
From this log , transections were cut , and other divisions of it produced lumber , tabletops , and novelty items . Various segments of the tree were cut and given to the West Virginia State Museum and the Smithsonian Institution . The Mingo Oak was the largest living white oak ; and with the exception of the state 's box huckleberries ( Gaylussacia brachycera ) , it was the oldest living flora specimen in West Virginia . The tree was referred to as the " mighty monarch of the mountains " . Biologist Earl M. Vanscoy said that the tree was " perhaps West Virginia 's most remarkable tree " ; and Colby B. Rucker of the Native Tree Society referred to the Mingo Oak as an " exceptional forest giant " .
Tolkien sent this revised version of the chapter " Riddles in the Dark " to Unwin as an example of the kinds of changes needed to bring the book into conformity with The Lord of the Rings , but he heard nothing back for years . When he was sent galley proofs of a new edition , Tolkien was surprised to find the sample text had been incorporated . In The Lord of the Rings , the original version of the riddle game is explained as a " lie " made up by Bilbo under the harmful influence of the Ring , whereas the revised version contains the " true " account .
He immigrated to the United States in 1929 and joined his first strike in 1930 ; Itliong was only 14 when he came to the United States . Itliong was an excellent card player , and avid cigar smoker , who spoke multiple Filipino languages , Spanish , Cantonese , Japanese , and taught himself about law . Itliong married six times , had seven children , and raised his family in the Delano area and in the Little Manila community of Stockton , California As a farmworker Itliong worked in Alaska , where he organized cannery and agricultural unions , Washington , and up and down California ; he also worked in Montana and South Dakota .
A few thick volumes , such as the 1967 paperback of Frank Herbert 's Dune , were priced at 95 cents . With Ballantine Books , Ace was the dominant American science fiction paperback publisher in the 1950s and 1960s . Other publishers followed their lead , catering to the increasing audience for sf , but none matched the influence of either company . Market dominance was not only reflected in numbers of books published — Ace published , during this period , the first novels of authors such as Philip K. Dick ( Solar Lottery , 1955 , D 103 , bound with Leigh Brackett 's The Big Jump ) ; Gordon R. Dickson ( Alien from Arcturus , 1956 , D 139 , bound with Nick Boddie Williams ' The Atom Curtain ) , Samuel R. Delany ( The Jewels of Aptor , 1962 , F 173 , bound with James White 's Second Ending ) , Ursula K. Le Guin ( Rocannon 's World , 1966 , G 574 , bound with Avram Davidson 's The Kar Chee Reign ) , Roger Zelazny ( This Immortal , 1966 , F 393 ) , and R. A. Lafferty 's Past Master ( 1968 , H 54 ) .
He finished the loan spell with 21 appearances , and after returning to Wrexham he was released after spending around a decade with the club . Mackin signed for York permanently on a one year contract on 22 May 2009 . After signing , manager Martin Foyle said " Levi was fantastic for us and came on in leaps and bounds . He was one of our most consistent players , but I know there 's more to come from him . " He appeared in the opening game of the 2009 – 10 season , a 2 – 1 defeat at Oxford on 8 August 2009 , and was a " strong presence in the City midfield in a very committed performance " .
Armstrong flew the plane back to friendly territory , but due to the loss of the aileron , ejection was his only safe option . He planned to eject over water and await rescue by Navy helicopters , and therefore flew to an airfield near Pohang , but his ejection seat was blown back over land . A jeep driven by a roommate from flight school picked Armstrong up ; it is unknown what happened to the wreckage of No. 125122 F9F 2 . Armstrong flew 78 missions over Korea for a total of 121 hours in the air , most of which were in January 1952 .
Shashthi explained the reason for the mother 's ordeal and told her to ask pardon of the cat . The mother asked the cat 's pardon , which was granted , and then she promised the goddess that she would offer worship in a ritual dedicated to her , which would come to be known as the Jamai Shasthi Vrata . The mother returned home with her children and spread the worship of the goddess , who blessed her family with children , wealth and happiness . A different version of this tale narrates that when the youngest daughter in law was pregnant , she secretly ate the food offerings ritually dedicated to Shashthi and then blamed the theft on the black cat .
Older respondents are opposed to a name change , but those between 18 and 29 are strongly ( 70 % ) in favor of a change . While 77 % of all white fans believe the name should not be changed , only 38 % of African American and 33 % of Latino fans agree , which is a change since the 2014 poll in which there was little difference between white and non white opinion . However , there are those that question the appropriateness of submitting minority rights to a majority decision . Louis Gray , president of the Tulsa Indian Coalition Against Racism and an Osage Indian : " You wouldn 't [ take a poll ] with any other race .
The 1965 bell ringing was broadcast over the public address system at Wrigley Field in Chicago . Over the years , the committee for the festival requested that the bell ringing be part of the Illinois Sesquicentennial , the U.S. Bicentennial , and the Statue of Liberty Centennial celebrations , all of which were allowed . The " Let Freedom Ring " celebration hosts a " Freedom Run " , arts and crafts , a parade , a fireworks display , and the highlighted ringing of the Illinois Freedom Bell . The Illinois Freedom Bell is silver in color and cast from bronze metal .
M 130 ran along the northern banks of the river passing through primarily agricultural areas . The rural surroundings dominated much of the route until it began to encroach on the outskirts of Monroe . The highway terminated at US 24 in Monroe . M 130 was commissioned in 1929 . At the time , US 23 followed Ida – Maybee Road , and M 130 followed North Custer Road from there to an intersection with US 24 / US 25 ( Telegraph Road ) in Monroe . Later the next year , M 130 was extended southward from its western terminus when US 23 was rerouted to follow M 50 .
The piece is in the quick tempo allegretto ( quickly ) , at 92 quarter notes per minute . It is 131 measures long , the most of all six pieces , but the second shortest in terms of playing time , usually no longer than three and a half minutes ( the shortest is number four ) . This piece represents a typical nineteenth century étude , similar in style to Frédéric Chopin 's Études ( Opp . 10 , 25 ) , with a melody interspersed between rapid sextuplet figures . It is in strict ternary form with a coda : identical beginning and ending sections beginning on measures 1 and 85 , and a contrasting middle section starting on measure 45 .
Tropical Depression continued its course and eventually dissipated over western Oklahoma on August 3 . The remnants of Chantal then moved northward over the Great Plains and was tracked northward over New York , eventually reaching New England and Newfoundland just before Hurricane Dean approached . At 0000 UTC on July 31 , a tropical storm watch – indicating tropical storm force winds were possible within 48 hours – was issued from Port O 'Connor , Texas to the mouth of the Mississippi River . Three hours thereafter , a hurricane warning – signifying that hurricane force winds were likely in 24 hours or less – was issued from Freeport , Texas to Morgan City , Louisiana .
As part of his command duties , Howe was chosen by Washington as president of the court – martial convened to determine the propriety of General Benedict Arnold 's conduct while serving as the commandant of Philadelphia in 1778 and 1779 . During that time , Arnold was alleged to have conducted business with British merchants and to have undertaken private business transactions that were inappropriate given his position , among other improprieties . The tribunal , which met at Howe 's headquarters in Middletown , Connecticut , adjourned for several months due to a threatened British attack but reconvened in December 1779 and closed in January 1780 .
In fact , Ra.One will be the first superhero based movie in the world in which the superhero lives in a family . " A few days before the release , screenwriter Yash Patnaik claimed that Ra.One resembled a concept that he had developed several years before . Patnaik appealed to the Bombay High Court to delay the film 's release , until he was given due credit or 10 % of the film 's overall profit . The court , observing prima facie evidence that there had been copyright violations , asked the filmmakers to deposit ₹ 10 million ( US $ 150,000 ) with the court on 21 October 2011 before releasing the film .
A month after disappearing the Viet Cong 274th Regiment had emerged without warning and had caught 7 RAR by surprise , with the unexpected presence of a Viet Cong Main Force regiment in the Hat Dich forcing the Australians to change their tactics for the remainder of Operation Ballarat . The Australians became more cautious as a result and while 7 RAR continued its search and destroy mission , only two companies patrolled while the other two remained on standby in fire support bases nearby to provide support if required . Additional artillery support was also made available , with 161st Field Battery , Royal New Zealand Artillery airlifted into Fire Support Base Giraffe .
No. 14 Australian General Hospital on the Suez Canal was full of malaria cases from the Jordan Valley with the overflow in the No. 31 British General Hospital at Abbassia , Cairo . The Australian Stationary Hospital at Mosacar only had a few beds available . By August , casualty clearing stations or clearing hospitals were located at Ludd , at Jaffa and at Jerusalem , supported by medical stores depots at Ludd and Jerusalem . The timing of the attacks by the XX Corps and Chaytor 's Force were dependent on the progress made by the XXI Corps during 19 September .
Attendance was in decline across the league as the Great Depression took hold . The Habs posted a losing record in 1932 – 33 , leading to still smaller crowds . Averaging only 2,000 fans per game , the team sold Morenz to the Chicago Black Hawks in 1934 as part of an effort to cut costs . The move was not a popular one , and fans voiced their opinion of the deal by giving Morenz a standing ovation when he scored against the Canadiens on the last day of the 1934 – 35 season . With losses of $ 60,000 over the previous two seasons , the Canadiens were put up for sale in 1935 .
Her acting and modeling career has included appearances in a variety of media , including films , television programs and advertisements , theatrical productions , and print advertisements . Meradel made her first film appearance in the 1964 short film The Legend of Jimmy Blue Eyes . She adopted the stage name Janee Michelle because her talent agent and the film studio both believed her birth name would be poorly received . Michelle 's acting in the television series The Outcasts in 1968 was critically acclaimed , which led to several offers of film roles . Both in a 1969 episode of The Governor & J.J. and in the 1970 film Soul Soldier , Michelle acted alongside her then husband Robert DoQui .
They indicate that the woodworking was positioned much lower than Bouts had intended ; generally works painted on commission were placed by professional joiners who worked independently of the painter . The low placing of the frame however protected the underlying colours over the centuries from light ; they are preserved as first laid down . The panel was originally attached to its frame by pegs and nails ; the nails would have been used to attach the linen to the underlying wooden frame . Painting on linen cloth using glue size as a binder was at the time a relatively inexpensive alternative to oil , and a large number of works were produced in the 15th century .
According to Vulliamy , the detainees drank water from a river that was polluted with industrial waste and many suffered from constipation or dysentery . No criminal report was ever filed against persons detained in the Omarska camp , nor were the detainees apprised of any concrete charges against them . Apparently , there was no legitimate reason justifying these people ’ s detention . Murder , torture , rape , and abuse of prisoners was common . Detainees were kept in inhumane conditions and an atmosphere of extreme psychological and physical violence pervaded the camp . The camp guards and frequent visitors who came to the camps used all types of weapons and instruments to beat and otherwise physically abuse the detainees .
You can get lost in the cityscapes . " The Asian characters occasionally speak in their native tongues , their words rendered in Chinese or Tamil glyphs without translations . Goldsmith and Ridzwan did not find the foreign words to be a hindrance in understanding and enjoying the work . Instead , they believed the non English languages aided Lat 's construction of his world as one different from a dominantly English speaking world . Lat 's depiction of Mat 's visit to Frankie 's home transcends culture , portraying realistically the experiences most children feel when visiting the " foreign but familiar staleness " of their new friend 's home .
As Tommy grows older , he discovers that he can feel vibrations sufficiently well to become an expert pinball player ( " Pinball Wizard " ) . His parents take him to a respected doctor ( " There 's a Doctor " ) , who determines that the boy 's disabilities are psychosomatic rather than physical . Tommy is told by the Doctor to " Go to the Mirror ! " , and his parents notice he can stare at his reflection . After seeing Tommy spend extended periods staring at a mirror in the house , his mother smashes it out of frustration ( " Smash the Mirror " ) .
Offshore Kingscliff , New South Wales , a yacht capsized , forcing its two occupants to swim to land . The large swells proved popular with experienced surfers looking for a challenge . Although the event became infamous within local surfing circles , at least one surfer was hospitalized after being swept against rocks , and several others required rescue . Some beach erosion was reported in several locations , leading to minor sandbagging efforts to hamper the erosion . A large wave breaking on the cliffs of Maré Island in New Caledonia swept away a spectator , who was presumed dead after the rough conditions delayed searching efforts .
The survivors reunite at 815 's cockpit . Jack knocks Locke to the ground , takes his gun and pulls the trigger , but finds that the gun is not loaded because Locke had no intention of killing Jack earlier that day . Locke tells the castaways that they are in great danger and leaves for the Barracks with Hurley , James " Sawyer " Ford ( Josh Holloway ) , Claire Littleton ( Emilie de Ravin ) and her baby Aaron , Danielle Rousseau ( Mira Furlan ) and her captive Ben Linus ( Michael Emerson ) , Alex ( Tania Raymonde ) and her boyfriend Karl ( Blake Bashoff ) , Vincent the dog ( Pono ) and four other survivors .
She was a drawing class assistant for Frank Weston Benson after graduation and the following year became an assistant drawing instructor . Both Benson and Tarbell were noted Boston Impressionists . Rupert Hughes described Hazelton 's painting , Margaret , made by 1895 , as a " more than usually tender bit of Impressionism " . She studied with Impressionist painters in Paris and also studied in Spain , England , the Netherlands and Italy after winning the Paige Traveling Scholarship from the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston in 1899 . Hazelton was the organization 's first traveling scholar and received $ 800 each year of her two year study program .
An agent in the New York office sent an e mail to FBI headquarters saying , " Whatever has happened to this , someday someone will die , and the public will not understand why we were not more effective and throwing every resource we had at certain ' problems . ' " The reply from headquarters was , " we [ at headquarters ] are all frustrated with this issue ... [ t ] hese are the rules . NSLU does not make them up . " The FBI contacted Marriott on August 30 , requesting that they check guest records , and on September 5 , they reported that no Marriott hotels had any record of Mihdhar checking in .
A total of $ 800,000 was spent between 1996 / 97 and 1998 / 99 on works that included restoring the facade of the Anglican chapel . In 2005 , work was undertaken on the restoration of the prison gatehouse area . Non original rendering was removed and the original stonework was revealed . Work was also completed on the tunnels during 2005 / 06 , and the main cell block was restored with an eighteen month , $ 1.9 million project in 2006 and 2007 . The gallows room was restored in 2013 to conditions at the time of the last execution , in 1964 .
In March 2012 it was announced that The Sword had signed a multi album worldwide deal with New York based label Razor & Tie , with plans for a fourth album starting with recording in June and a projected late 2012 release . In May the band released the single " Hammer of Heaven " , a song originally recorded in 2003 for the Age of Winters demo and later submitted for inclusion on the soundtrack to the film The Avengers . In the run up to the recording of their next album , the group only played a few shows in 2012 , most notably the Metallica organised festival Orion Music + More in June .
" In turn , flies hunt the mosquito " which is the food that they like best , " and predators eat the flies . " All animals , in short , can not exist without food , neither can the hunting animal escape being hunted in his turn . Every weak animal devours those weaker than itself . Strong animals cannot escape being devoured by other animals stronger than they . And in this respect , men do not differ from animals , some with respect to others , although they do not arrive at the same extremes . In short , God has disposed some human beings as a cause of life for others , and likewise , he has disposed the latter as a cause of the death of the former .
The pair made their observations independently on 4 December that year ( 24 November under the Julian calendar then used in England ) ; Horrocks from Carr House , then in the village of Much Hoole , Lancashire , and Crabtree from his home in Broughton , near Manchester . The friends , followers of the new astronomy of Johannes Kepler , were self taught mathematical astronomers who had worked methodically to correct and improve Kepler 's Rudolphine tables by observation and measurement . In 1639 , Horrocks was the only astronomer to realise that a transit of Venus was imminent ; others became aware of it only after the event when Horrocks 's report of it was circulated .
After moving to 17 Queenscourt Road in 1948 , where the Bests lived for nine years , Rory Best saw a large Victorian house for sale at 8 Hayman 's Green in 1957 and told Mona about it . The Best family claim that Mona then pawned all her jewellery and placed a bet on Never Say Die , a horse that was ridden by Lester Piggott in the 1954 Epsom Derby ; it won at 33 – 1 and she used her winnings to buy the house in 1957 . The house had previously been owned by the West Derby Conservative Club and was unlike many other family houses in Liverpool as the house ( built around 1860 ) was set back from the road , had 15 bedrooms and an acre of land .
During the caution , the leading drivers , including Kenseth , elected to make pit stops for tires . Gordon took the lead and maintained it at the lap 165 restart . Biffle and his teammate Kenseth drove alongside each other in a battle for second place on lap 166 , until Biffle escaped and ran onto the apron on the next lap . Mayfield burst his right front tire on lap 171 , but no debris came off his car , avoiding the need for a caution . Six laps later , Biffle passed Kyle Busch to take fifth place .
In court he highlighted the list 's longevity , and claimed that " nobody had ever been prosecuted for publishing it ; and , therefore , he was ignorant it was a libel . " When Lord Chief Justice Kenyon mentioned that a John Roach had previously been convicted for selling Harris 's List , Roach " assured his Lordship , that he had never been indicted before for this offence . " He was nevertheless sentenced to one year in Newgate Prison , with sureties of £ 150 for three years , to ensure his good behaviour . Lord Justice Ashurst called the List " a most indecent and immoral publication " , and of Roach 's crime said " an offence of greater enormity could hardly be committed .
In this rendition , a " ghost image " separates from Ishaan after the art competition and runs to the sports field ; the film would end on a freeze frame of Ishaan successfully making the leap . Khan , however , was unhappy with that proposed ending and convinced Gupte to rewrite it . With the working title no longer relevant , Khan , Gupte , and Bhatia discussed several alternatives , eventually deciding on Taare Zameen Par . Possible translations of this title include Stars on the Ground and Stars on Earth . According to Khan : Taare Zameen Par is a film about children and it is a film which celebrates the abilities of children .
It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Dennie Gordon . The episode first aired on January 19 , 2006 on NBC . The episode guest stars Tom W. Chick as Gil . The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton , Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company . In this episode , Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) is forced into spending time with Michael Scott ( Steve Carell ) so that Michael will not reveal Jim 's feelings for Pam Beesly ( Jenna Fischer ) . Meanwhile , Oscar Martinez ( Oscar Nunez ) takes a sick day and Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) investigates whether he is actually sick .
Amphetamine , for example , is a stimulant that increases release of norepinephrine as well as dopamine . Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are antidepressants that inhibit the metabolic degradation of norepinephrine as well as serotonin . In some cases it is difficult to distinguish the norepinephrine mediated effects from the effects related to other neurotransmitters . A number of important medical problems involve dysfunction of the norepinephrine system in the brain or body . Hyperactivation of the sympathetic nervous system is not a recognized condition in itself , but it is a component of a number of conditions , as well as a possible consequence of taking sympathomimetic drugs .
Historians have reached a limited consensus on the basics of Jesus ' life . Jesus was Jewish and born to Mary and Joseph . He grew up in Nazareth in Galilee . Leading scholars such as Bart Ehrman , E. P. Sanders , and Géza Vermes generally consider Joseph to be Jesus ' father . Jesus also had brothers and sisters . The natural assumption is these offspring resulted from Joseph and Mary having sex , contrary to Catholic tradition . It is unusual that in Mark 6 : 3 , Jesus ' neighbors refer to Jesus as Mary 's son , because sons were identified by their fathers .
By 1918 , UVX also had its own smelter in its own company town , Clemenceau , a part of Cottonwood . In 1917 , two miners ' strikes involving the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) , which had been organizing strikes elsewhere in Arizona and other states , took place in Jerome . Seen as a threat by business interests as well as other labor unions , the Wobblies , as they were called , were subject nationally to sometimes violent harassment . The labor situation in Jerome was complicated at the time by the existence of three separate labor unions — the International Union of Mine , Mill , and Smelter Workers ( MMSW ) ; the Liga Protectora Latina , which represented about 500 Mexican miners in Jerome ; and the IWW .
However , neither of the two add ons were particularly well received by critics . StarCraft also marked the debut of Blizzard Entertainment 's film department . Previously , cinematic cut scenes were seen as simply gap fillers that often deviated from the game , but with StarCraft and later Brood War introducing high quality cinematics integral to the storyline of the series , Blizzard Entertainment is cited as having changed this perception and became one of the first game companies to raise the standard regarding such cut scenes . StarCraft 's success also inspired third party developer Microstar Software to release an unauthorized add on , entitled Stellar Forces , in May 1998 .
Juristic discretion is defined as : A means to seek ease and convenience , To adopt tolerance and moderation , To over rule analogical reason , if necessary . The source , inspired by the principle of conscience , is a last resort if none of the widely accepted sources are applicable to a problem . It involves giving favor to rulings that dispel hardship and bring ease to people . The doctrine was justified directly by the Qur 'anic verse stating : " Allah desires you ease and good , not hardship " . Though its main adherents were Abu Hanifa and his pupils ( such as Abu Yusuf ) , Malik and his students made use of it to some degree .
Such faith as theirs & such conscientiousness set us a gt. example . " At Balmoral Castle , the Queen 's Scottish estate , Karim was allocated the room previously occupied by John Brown , a favourite servant of the Queen 's who had died in 1883 . Despite the serious and dignified manner that Karim presented to the outside world , the Queen wrote that " he is very friendly and cheerful with the Queen 's maids and laughs and even jokes now — and invited them to come and see all his fine things offering them fruit cake to eat " .
Three plays later Mark Ingram ran it in from two yards out , and Alabama went ahead 7 – 6 . After an exchange of punts , Bama took possession on the Texas 49 yard line , and on the second play Trent Richardson burst through a hole in the middle and raced 49 yards untouched for the touchdown , extending the lead to 14 – 6 . Texas continued to struggle for offense in McCoy 's absence , and on the next possession a Texas drive ended when Javier Arenas intercepted a Gilbert pass at the Alabama 25 . Following a short punt late in the quarter , Bama drove to the Texas 9 , and increased their lead to 17 – 6 following a successful 26 yard Leigh Tiffin field goal .
The song features guitar and bass instrumentation , and according to the Daily Mail , evokes the music of harmony groups from the 1960s . John Mulvey of NME characteristed the song as having " tasteful slippery beats , tasteful acoustic guitars , [ and ] the usual indolent harmonies " . The song 's lyrics immediately begin with a sense of decision through the line " I Touch the sky " , and largely focus on the enjoyment of life . " Soul Sound " received mixed to positive reviews from critics . The Sunday Mirror 's Ian Hyland rated the song nine out of ten stars and described it as " [ p ] ure class from the ever smiling teens " .
Phantasia and Eternia have also received anime adaptations . The series ' first theatrical film , a prequel to Vesperia called Tales of Vesperia : The First Strike , was released in 2009 in Japan and 2012 in North America . A made for television anime based on the opening sections of Zestiria , Dawn of the Shepard , was produced as part of the 20th anniversary celebrations related to the title . It was also released on the game disc . A full series based on Zestiria will air in 2016 . Books and audio dramas have also been made .
However , the King and Queen drove down from Windsor to visit the dying man on 14 October . He received hundreds of sympathetic letters from friends and supporters . He wrote to John Simon , who had served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in Chamberlain 's government : [ I ] t was the hope of doing something to improve the conditions of life for the poorer people that brought me at past middle life into politics , and it is some satisfaction to me that I was able to carry out some part of my ambition even though its permanency may be challenged by the destruction of war .
It also explains the frequent use of ostraca and limestone flakes as writing media for shorter written works . In addition to stone , ceramic ostraca , and papyrus , writing media also included wood , ivory , and plaster . By the Roman Period of Egypt , the traditional Egyptian reed pen had been replaced by the chief writing tool of the Greco Roman world : a shorter , thicker reed pen with a cut nib . Likewise , the original Egyptian pigments were discarded in favor of Greek lead based inks . The adoption of Greco Roman writing tools influenced Egyptian handwriting , as hieratic signs became more spaced , had rounder flourishes , and greater angular precision .
Already in 1878 , voices sounded for Reitz to run for the presidency , but President Brand 's position was still very strong and Reitz openly praised his qualities and refused to stand against him . In the late 1870s and early 1880s the political temperature ran high in the Orange Free State . The annexation of the South African Republic ( Transvaal ) by the British in 1877 and the First Anglo Boer War of 1880 – 1881 in which that republic regained its autonomy impacted deeply on political sentiments in the Orange Free State . On the one hand there were those who propagated caution in the relationship with the British , on the other there developed a political movement that strongly propagated a ( reawakened ) Afrikaner national consciousness .
This raised concerns as to the pace of the character 's movement . Taking into account similar criticisms from fans of earlier games , the characters ' speed was increased . This aspect was undergoing revision until quite late into development . When designing the game 's main setting , the team moved away from the traditional enclosed Japanese mansions from previous games in favor of somewhere that blended Eastern and Western architectural tastes to create different gameplay opportunities , described in game as a Meiji era hotel . Traditional mansion settings were also included , with more locations being present than in previous games .
It consisted of 17 nonpartisan members who were elected or appointed from three different Norwegian groups — SNSK employees , government employees and others , although the ratio changed several times . Svalbard Samfunnsdrift ( SSD ) , a limited company which was responsible for public infrastructure and services in Longyearbyen , was established by Store Norske on 1 January 1989 . Responsibilities included healthcare , the fire department , the kindergarten , roads , garbage disposal , power production , the water and sewer system , the cinema , cultural actives and the library . Ownership of SSD was taken over by the Ministry of Trade and Industry on 1 January 1993 .
Sir Alf Ramsey briefly managed the club before Jim Smith took over in 1978 . With relegation a certainty , the club sold Trevor Francis to Nottingham Forest , making him the first player transferred for a fee of £ 1 million ; Francis had scored a total of 133 goals in 329 appearances over his nine years at Birmingham . Smith took Birmingham straight back to the First Division , but a poor start to the 1981 – 82 season saw him replaced by Ron Saunders , who had just resigned from league champions Aston Villa . Saunders ' team struggled to score goals and in 1984 they were relegated .
This scale was devised in 1971 to categorize tropical cyclones based on their maximum sustained winds . The storm is estimated to have maintained winds of approximately 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) for several days as it passed well to the north of the Lesser Antilles . As the hurricane turned more northerly still , approaching the United States , it strengthened to major hurricane intensity , Category 3 , on August 22 . At this point , it peaked in intensity with winds of 115 mph ( 185 km / h ) . The lowest known barometric pressure in relation to the storm was 952 mbar ( hPa ; 28.11 inHg ) .
On the introduction of young Sherlock , Moffat noted that it was the logical course to take after the introduction of the Holmes parents : " Once you 've got the parents in and you 've got the sibling rivalry and stuff , people start to think , ' well what was young Sherlock like ? ' You just want those things , you want to see those things , it 's part of updating it . " Director Nick Hurran had previously worked with Steven Moffat on several episodes of Doctor Who , including the fiftieth anniversary special . Filming for " His Last Vow " began on 29 July 2013 .
The judge tells Tritter that she does not believe House to be the drug dealer that Tritter tried to show him to be and orders Tritter to move on after House is exonerated due to Cuddy committing perjury . Just before the bailiff escorts House out of the courtroom , Tritter tells him : " Good luck . I hope I 'm wrong about you . " The main antagonist of the third season , Tritter is a " stubborn " , " vengeful " , and extremely determined police detective . According to David Morse , the offensive thermometer incident in " Fools for Love " made it easy for Tritter to stand up to House ; as House 's equal , Tritter " gets who House is on all levels and can really shake his foundation " .
" Thank God I Found You was performed live at the 2000 American Music Awards as well as on several European programs , including Top of the Pops and Friday Night 's All Wright in the United Kingdom , NRJ and Soulier d 'Or in France , Wetten , dass .. ? in Germany , and Quelli che ... il Calcio in Italy . The album 's final two releases , " Can 't Take That Away ( Mariah 's Theme ) " and " Against All Odds ( Take a Look at Me Now ) " , were performed on The View and at the 2000 Blockbuster Entertainment Awards .
Piper also stated that a figure of as many as 1.5 million total deaths was possible . By nation , the greatest number of Auschwitz 's Jewish victims were from Hungary , accounting for 438,000 deaths , followed by Polish Jews ( 300,000 deaths ) , French ( 69,000 ) , Dutch ( 60,000 ) , and Greek ( 55,000 ) . Fewer than one percent of Soviet Jews murdered in the Holocaust were killed in Auschwitz , as German forces had already been driven from Russia when the killing at Auschwitz reached its peak in 1944 . Approximately 1 in 6 Jews killed in the Holocaust died at the camp .
In response to Syria 's worsening economy , which Nasser attributed to its control by the bourgeoisie , in July 1961 , Nasser decreed socialist measures that nationalized wide ranging sectors of the Syrian economy . He also dismissed Sarraj in September to curb the growing political crisis . Aburish states that Nasser was not fully capable of addressing Syrian problems because they were " foreign to him " . In Egypt , the economic situation was more positive , with a GNP growth of 4.5 percent and a rapid growth of industry . In 1960 , Nasser nationalized the Egyptian press , which had already been cooperating with his government , in order to steer coverage towards the country 's socioeconomic issues and galvanize public support for his socialist measures .
" Desi Arnaz , Jr. voiced his support of the film , stating that he and his sister Lucie Arnaz , " loved the story being told in this movie . " Arnaz , Jr. said , " It is an amazing saga of people in search of the American dream . It is my father`s story . It is the story of many people who came to this country with hopes and dreams . " Tito Puente praised the film prior to its theatrical release , stating , " I 've seen the movie twice , and I loved it the second time .
In the speech , he lampooned the remote town of Duluth , Minnesota . The Duluth speech was eventually reprinted in several publications and brought Knott national acclaim . He did not stand for re election in 1870 , instead making a failed run for the office of governor . In 1875 , he returned to the House and served as chair of the judiciary committee . In 1883 , Knott left Congress and made a successful run for governor . He secured major reforms in education , but was stymied in his pursuit of tax reform . After his term as governor , he was a delegate to the state 's constitutional convention in 1891 .
Mountfort notably altered the use of a segmented arch rather than one in the Romanesque style ; the latter of which was considered by Augustus Pugin to be fundamentally important to the Gothic style . The college posed a challenge in its main hall ; on the hall 's completion in 1882 , it was the largest public space in Christchurch . Additionally , a level of detail not possible in previous works was present in the hall 's design due to the superior funding for the college . The completion of the first stage was met with praise and optimism , though extensions such as a biological lab were added in the early 1890s .
It is the fifth and final consecutive Bond film to be directed by John Glen . It also marks Timothy Dalton 's second and final performance in the role of James Bond . The story has elements of two Ian Fleming short stories and a novel , interwoven with aspects from Japanese Rōnin tales . The film sees Bond being suspended from MI6 as he pursues drugs lord Franz Sanchez , who has ordered an attack against his CIA friend Felix Leiter and a rape and murder on Felix 's wife during their honeymoon . Originally titled Licence Revoked in line with the plot , the name was changed during post production because too many people did not know what revoked meant .
Heartbroken over the loss of his lover , Wright did not mark the grave because he could not bear to be reminded of the tragedy . He also did not hold a funerary service for Borthwick , although he did fund and attend services for his employees . Wright struggled with the loss of Borthwick , experiencing symptoms of conversion disorder : insomnia , weight loss , and temporary blindness . After a few months of recovery , aided by his sister Jane Porter , Wright moved to an apartment he rented in Chicago at 25 Cedar Street . The attack also had a profound effect on Wright 's design principles ; biographer Robert Twombly writes that his Prairie School period ended after the loss of Borthwick .
Will walks out on her and spends the night at the school , sleeping on one of the mattresses given to the glee club in payment for their commercial . Sue informs Will that the club receiving payment for the commercial revokes their amateur status , and thus their eligibility to compete at sectionals . Quinn , who has been trying to convince Sue to let her appear in the cheerleaders ' photographs despite being removed from the team due to her pregnancy , reminds Sue that as their coach she has often given the cheerleaders perks which would also render them ineligible for competition .
Brown has supported a presumption of shared parenting after divorce and was a co sponsor of Fathers and Families HB 1460 . He also voted for reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act in 2012 . Brown has stated that Roe v. Wade is settled law and is self described as pro choice . He is against intact dilation and evacuation abortions ( known legally as " partial birth abortion " ) and has spoken in favor of parental consent for minors who seek an abortion . He said he would not use abortion as a litmus test in Supreme Court confirmations .
Fellig takes a photo just as Ritter enters and shoots . The bullet passes right through the camera and through Fellig into Scully , who collapses . While Ritter rushes to call an ambulance , Fellig asks Scully whether she saw Death and begs her to close her eyes . He covers her hand with his own . The color returns to Scully 's hand as Fellig 's turns gray . Looking up , he dies . At the hospital , Mulder watches through a window as Ritter apologizes to Scully , then tells Ritter that he 's a lucky man ( because Scully survived ) .
Gough and Millar believed that Lana 's behavior toward Clark ( for refusing to reveal his secret ) made her come across as cold and unsympathetic . When Smallville first began , Lana was in a romantic relationship with Whitney Fordman , the star quarterback of the football team . Kreuk believes that Lana truly was in love with Whitney when they first started dating , but by the time the audience first sees her in the pilot she is no longer in that same state of mind . Kreuk believes that by the time of the pilot Lana had grown “ comfortable ” with Whitney , and that was where their relationship ended .
Licking and Harrison townships were original to the county . Washington Township , which is named after President George Washington , was created June 29 , 1839 , by the county commissioners . Jackson Township , which is thought to be named after President Andrew Jackson , was created by the commissioners on September 22 , 1839 . Two incorporated cities are located within the county , and a small portion of a third city occupies the county 's southeast corner . The largest city is county seat Hartford City , located in the southern half of the county . Hartford City 's population in 2010 was 6,220 — well below its 1970 peak of 8,207 .
Kofi Annan praised him as " an inspiration for all of us to act when we can and to have the courage to help those who are suffering and in need of help " . The memorial 's design ( see photo ) has been considered inappropriate by some critics . A memorial to Wallenberg was installed in Gothenburg , near Hagakyrkan ( Haga Church ) . Kofi Annan attended the unveiling ceremony . A monument to Raoul Wallenberg by Scottish sculptor Philip Jackson is located at Great Cumberland Place in London 's Marble Arch district , outside the Western Marble Arch Synagogue .
The Constitution was the product of a series of constitutional conventions in the 1890s . The issues of religious freedom and secularism were not prominent in the convention debates , which focused on the economic and legislative powers of the proposed Commonwealth parliament . The first draft of Section 116 , approved by the Melbourne Convention of 1891 , would have prohibited the states from passing laws prohibiting the free exercise of religion . The Commonwealth was not mentioned because it was assumed that the Commonwealth parliament would have no power to make such laws . At the Melbourne Convention of 1897 , Victorian delegate H. B. Higgins expressed concern about this assumption and moved to expand the provision to cover the Commonwealth as well as the states .
According to Drew Grant of The New York Observer , Claire 's season long storyline was similar to the real life efforts of United States Senator Kirsten Gillibrand 's to legislate an end to military sexual assault . Based upon the 4 episode preview , Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times says that in season 2 Claire " is still ruthlessly pursuing her own agenda as well as her husband ’ s . She remains an enigma even as she reveals more and more disturbing secrets from her past . " Claire remains composed and stylish with or without her husband and plays the press with aplomb .
In 1938 , he and Walter Grant oversaw excavations at the Neolithic settlement of Rinyo ; excavation ceased during the Second World War , but resumed in 1946 . Childe continued writing and publishing books on archaeology , beginning with a series of works following on from The Dawn of European Civilisation and The Aryans by compiling and synthesising data from across Europe . First was The Most Ancient Near East ( 1928 ) , which assembled information from across Mesopotamia and India , setting a background from which the spread of farming and other technologies into Europe could be understood .
A total of 102,069 were under the age of six , comprising 52,275 males and 49,794 females.The average literacy of the city was 82.43 % , compared to the national average of 72.99 % . There were a total of 425,115 workers , comprising 1,539 cultivators , 2,908 main agricultural labourers , 11,789 in house hold industries , 385,802 other workers , 23,077 marginal workers , 531 marginal cultivators , 500 marginal agricultural labourers , 1,169 marginal workers in household industries and 20,877 other marginal workers . As per the 2001 census , Coimbatore had a population of 930,882 within the municipal corporation limits .
The novel provides motivation and backstory to Snake and Hauk — both disillusioned war veterans — deepening their relationship that was only hinted at it in the film . The novel explains how Snake lost his eye during the Battle for Leningrad in World War III , how Hauk became warden of New York , and Hauk 's quest to find his crazy son who lives somewhere in the prison . The novel fleshes out the world that these characters exist in , at times presenting a future even bleaker than the one depicted in the film . The book explains that the West Coast is a no man 's land , and the country 's population is gradually being driven crazy by nerve gas as a result of World War III .
He met Morton at a dinner party during World War I , in her hometown of Washington , D.C. Before the marriage , she had worked as his private secretary . As with his first marriage , his second did not produce children , but Charles and Cornelia adopted a daughter , Charlotte , in 1935 . In 1926 , McNary built a new $ 6,000 ranch style house , which he designed himself , along two creeks on his farm north of Salem . His estate , called " Fir Cone , " featured a putting green , rose garden , tennis court , fishpond , and arboretum , and more than 250 acres ( 1.0 km2 ) of trees .
Because of the physical size of the end fire array , few concert venues are able to implement it . The output pattern suffers from comb filtering off axis , but can be further shaped by adjusting the frequency response of each row of subwoofers . A long line of subwoofers placed horizontally along the front edge of the stage can be delayed such that the center subs fire several milliseconds prior to the ones flanking them , which fire several milliseconds prior to their neighbors , continuing in this fashion until the last subwoofers are reached at the outside ends of the subwoofer row ( beamforming ) .
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago , at 230 South LaSalle Street , was built in a Greco Roman style and contained the largest vaults in the world and one of the first building wide wired communication systems . Both the Federal Reserve Bank and 208 South LaSalle demonstrate the popularity of neoclassical architecture during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and were meant to project a sense of financial security . One mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Lake Michigan and in the southwest corner of the Loop , the building is near two elevated stations of the Chicago ' L ' .
The next day , Grant and Eric hear Paul 's satellite phone ringing and are reunited with the Kirbys and Billy . Paul explains that he gave the phone to Nash before he was devoured , and the group sees the Spinosaurus once again , with the phone ringing from inside the dinosaur . After barely escaping , Grant discovers that Billy took two eggs from the raptor nests and hid them in his satchel to use for funding , which provoked the raptor attacks . He decides to keep the eggs to ensure the group 's survival . The group unknowingly enters a large aviary used to house Pteranodons , which attack the group and fly away with Eric .
Several other authors suggested similar taxonomic rearrangements around the same time . In 1979 , Herbert Thomas and Surinder Verma agreed that Indraloris and Sivaladapis were adapids , but placed them in a subfamily of their own , Sivaladapinae . Also in 1979 , Frederick Szalay and Eric Delson placed Indraloris in its own tribe , Indralorisini , within Adapidae . In 1980 , Indian paleontologists S.R.K. Chopra and R.N. Vasishat placed both of Pilgrim 's Sivanasua species in Indraloris and argued that Indraloris lulli , Sivanasua himalayensis and Sivanasua nagrii all represented the same species — Indraloris himalayensis . They listed Sivanasua palaeindica as a second Indraloris species , I. palaeindica , and continued to regard Indraloris as a lorisid .
Flight 232 took off at 14 : 09 ( CDT ) from Stapleton International Airport , Denver , Colorado , bound for O 'Hare International Airport in Chicago with continuing service to Philadelphia International Airport . At 15 : 16 , while the plane was in a shallow right turn at 37,000 feet , the fan disk of its tail mounted General Electric CF6 6 engine failed and disintegrated . The debris from the failed disk was not contained by the engine 's nacelle , a housing that protects the engine . Pieces of the disk penetrated the aircraft 's tail section structure in numerous places , including the horizontal stabilizer .
Located at the intersection of Blackstone Avenue , Lake Park Avenue , and Forty Ninth Street , the library is modeled after the James Blackstone Library in Branford , Connecticut . Blackstone Avenue running along the 1436 east block from 4900 south ( starting behind Blackstone Library ) to 10350 south is named after him . Also , the Blackstone 's funded Blackstone Hall in the Art Institute of Chicago Building . The two story ground level gallery was added next to the east wall of the original building for display of architectural and sculptural casts . The New York Times published details of his will .
The use of dried beef was so widespread that it was often called " Quaker gravy " in the 18th century . Though the Quaker influence from the Northern Midlands was the most dominant , there was some influence from German immigrants during the 18th century . Scrapple , a pot pudding made from meat scraps and grain , became a staple of the regional cuisine for many generations . The last major wave of British immigrants to the colonies took place from 1720 – 1775 . About 250,000 people travelled across the Atlantic primarily to seek economic betterment and to escape hardships and famine .
His AIF appointment was terminated on 30 September 1916 and he was posted to the 5th Military District , the military district covering the state of Western Australia . Northcott was granted the honorary rank of major on 1 January 1919 , and the brevet rank on 1 January 1920 , but this was not made substantive until 1 October 1923 . He attended the Staff College , Camberley from 1924 to 1926 . On returning to Australia , Northcott served as Staff Officer , and later Director , Stores and Transport , at Army Headquarters in Victoria Barracks , Melbourne .
They composed the song and recorded Carey 's vocals . Knowing she wanted to introduce a male vocalist on the track , Lewis brought R & B singer Joe and pop group 98 Degrees into the studio . After a few hours , the group and Joe had recorded all their vocals and the song was complete . In an interview with Bronson , Lewis discussed the night Carey wrote " Thank God I Found You : " It all happened that night . She told us the title of the song , the concept and sang us the melody .
Whitmore was replaced in the lead role by comedian Paul Lynde and Asher was replaced as producer by Duke Vincent and Bruce Johnson in the second season . The series was re titled The New Temperatures Rising Show , and featured a new supporting cast consisting of : Sudie Bond , Barbara Cason , Jennifer Darling , Jeff Morrow , and John Dehner . Cleavon Little was the only returning member of the original cast . In this season , Lynde was presented as the penny pinching chief of staff , with Bond as his nagging mother and owner of the hospital .
USC was also at the top of the first AP Poll , released on August 18 , with 62 of 65 first place votes , with No. 2 LSU receiving 2 votes and No. 3 West Virginia receiving one . In mid August , all twelve experts polled by ESPN picked USC to win the season 's BCS Championship Game . On August 29 , 2007 , the day before the season began , three of four experts at SI.com predicted USC would win the BCS Championship Game , attributing the decision to the Trojans defense . In terms of overall talent , Carroll stated that the 2007 squad is the " most competitive team we 've had " during his six year tenure as coach .
The cameras were fitted with Zeiss digital zoom lenses , making U2 3D the first 3D film shot using a zoom lens . One of the Fusion 3D camera rigs was used as a Spydercam and became the first 3D aerial camera . The cameras on each rig were spaced eye distance apart to create a 3D effect in post production . Using a beam splitter mounted to the camera rig , one camera shot through a 50 / 50 mirror , while the other shot the image reflected from that mirror . Each rig weighed an average of 200 pounds ( 91 kg ) .
Havers added , " He 's been feeling terrible because he did the dirty on her and he wants to make amends . " Lewis ' presence on the Street infuriates Gail , who still holds a grudge for the way he treated Audrey . Gail hopes Lewis may have left for good when he attends court on charges of fraud . However , Lewis charms the judge with a speech about the way he let Audrey down , and he is sentenced to community service . The animosity between Gail and Lewis , reaches a peak at The Bisto ; and as Audrey defends Lewis , a food critic from the Weatherfield Gazette walks in .
Several more anti Christian outbursts followed . By 1736 , there were better relations between the two groups . From 1761 onwards , Hyder Ali , a distinguished soldier in the Mysore army , took de facto control of the throne of the Kingdom of Mysore through the Wodeyar dynasty . Hyder occupied Mangalore in 1763 . The Mangalorean Catholics numbered 80,000 in 1767 . In February 1768 the British captured Mangalore from Hyder . Toward the end of 1768 , Hyder and his son Tipu Sultan defeated the British and recaptured Mangalore fort . After the conquest , Hyder was informed that the Mangalorean Catholics had helped the British in their conquest of Mangalore .
He missed five weeks during the middle of the season and , although he was named best on ground in his comeback match , Hall said that another injury would probably be the end of his career . He played out the reason of the season and finished in ninth place in the State League Player of the Year award , was named on the half back flank in the TFL Team of the Year , and finished in the top 20 in the Tassie Medal count . Hall retired from football at the end of the 2011 season ; his coach at North Hobart described Hall as irreplaceable .
As the eruption continues , pressure and heat decrease and the chemistry of the lava becomes slightly more silica rich . The curtain of lava responds by breaking apart into separate vents . Various types of volcanoes may form at these vents : gas rich pulverized lava creates cinder cones ( such as Inferno Cone – stop 4 ) , and pasty lava blobs form spatter cones ( such as Spatter Cones – stop 5 ) . Later stages of an eruption push lava streams out through the side or base of cinder cones , which usually ends the life of the cinder cone ( North Crater , Watchmen , and Sheep Trail Butte are notable exceptions ) .
Players not good enough to fall under the 140 Rule had their scholarships withdrawn before the end of each year by the other schools . Dodd insisted the recruiting of athletes by this method amounted to nothing more than a tryout for a scholarship . Dodd would not allow any of the football players choosing Tech to be dismissed from Tech , because they were not the best players . Dodd said , " it is not the recruit 's fault for not making the squad , it was the coaches ' fault for misjudging their talents . " If a recruit came to Tech , he would stay on a football scholarship until he graduated .
She was awarded a Worst Actress Razzie Award in 2005 for this role . She appeared at the ceremony to accept the award in person ( making her the third person , and second actor , ever to do so ) with a sense of humor , considering it an experience of the " rock bottom " in order to be " at the top " . Holding the Academy Award in one hand and the Razzie in the other she said , " I never in my life thought that I would be here , winning a Razzie . It 's not like I ever aspired to be here , but thank you .
The membership clause was in the portion of the Smith Act that made it a crime " to organize or help to organize any society , group , or assembly of persons who teach , advocate , or encourage the overthrow or destruction of any government in the United States by force or violence ; or to be or become a member of , or affiliate with , any such society , group , or assembly of persons , knowing the purposes thereof ... " . In a unanimous decision , the court reversed the conviction because the evidence presented at trial was not sufficient to demonstrate that the Party was advocating action ( as opposed to mere doctrine ) of forcible overthrow of the government .
Compton returned upon the fall of the fifth wicket to revive the innings and Lindwall ended with 4 / 99 after having Godfrey Evans caught behind from an expansive cut shot . England ended on 363 all out on the second day ; Compton made an unbeaten 145 . Lindwall had beaten Compton in each of his last three overs before lunch on the second day , but the Englishman survived to add more than 20 further runs . On the third day , Lindwall came to the crease at 6 / 172 after Barnes — who had collapsed due to the aftereffects of being hit in the ribs from point blank range when fielding — had been forced to retire hurt .
As mentioned , there are grounds for instead referring to this compound as astatine hydride . It is easily oxidized ; acidification by dilute nitric acid gives the At0 or At + forms , and the subsequent addition of silver ( I ) may only partially , at best , precipitate astatine as silver ( I ) astatide ( AgAt ) . Iodine , in contrast , is not oxidized , and precipitates readily as silver ( I ) iodide . Astatine is known to bind to boron , carbon , and nitrogen . Various boron cage compounds have been prepared with At – B bonds , these being more stable than At – C bonds .
Another trademark of Diamond Rio 's sound is the custom built B Bender guitar played by Olander . He refers to this instrument as the " Taxicaster " because of its yellow body and black and white checkered pickguard , which give it the coloration of a taxicab . Diamond Rio received the Academy of Country Music 's award for Top Vocal Group in 1991 and 1992 . In 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , and 1997 , they also received the Country Music Association 's award for Vocal Group of the Year ( an award for which they received fifteen total nominations , more than any other country music group ) .
The River Mersey forms Didsbury 's southern and southwestern boundaries and certain stretches of the river also demarcate the boundaries of the City of Manchester . The area is generally considered to be roughly enclosed by Princess Parkway to the west , Kingsway to the east and the Ball Brook , just north of Lapwing Lane / Fog Lane to the north . This northern boundary is marked by a boundary stone in the front garden wall of a house on the west side of Wilmslow Road . A " country trail " passes from West Didsbury to East , named the Trans Pennine Trail ( National Cycle Route 62 ) .
The book was adapted into a two part episode for the Goosebumps television series . Airing as episodes 8 and 9 of the third season , the first episode aired on October 25 , 1997 and the second episode aired on November 1 , 1997 . The character Clay was not included in the episodes . A reviewer on DVD Talk wrote , " This two part episode is largely enjoyable , with some pretty scary moments , though it has a disturbing subtext and an ending that may leave younger children especially feeling squeamish " . Heather Brown as Lizzy Morris Michael Caloz as Luke Morris Jonathan Whittaker as Mr. Morris Kirsten Bishop as Mrs. Morris Neil Crone as the Host , Blek , and Makeup Artist The VHS release of the television episodes was reported as the fourteenth best selling children 's video in the November 14 , 1998 issue of Billboard .
Despite this , they were always painted in whichever colour scheme was currently in use by the LSWR ( SR after 1923 ) , to match the livery of the passenger cars and locomotives loaned to the LNC . As with the carriages for living passengers , the hearse vans were designed to prevent bodies mixing with those from different backgrounds . Each of the original vans was partitioned into twelve sections in two rows of six , each capable of holding one coffin ; later vans were of a slightly different design and probably carried 14 coffins . The vans were fitted with internal partitions to divide first , second and third class coffins .
The strongest winds were confined to a very small area near the edge of the convection . Initially , the hurricane was tracking west southwestward , steered by a mid level ridge to its northwest . On September 12 , the entrainment of drier air weakened Florence to tropical storm status . At the same time , its motion became nearly stationary as a ridge to its southeast weakened steering currents . An eye developed in the center of the cyclone , and Florence again attained hurricane status late on September 12 . Cooler water temperatures caused the hurricane to again weaken to tropical storm status on September 13 .
This is , nonetheless , the only surviving 1215 copy still to have its great seal attached . Lincoln Cathedral 's original copy of the 1215 charter has been held by the county since 1215 ; it was displayed in the Common Chamber in the cathedral before being moved to another building in 1846 . It was being displayed at the 1939 World Fair in New York when the Second World War broke out , and it spent the majority of the war in Fort Knox for safety . Winston Churchill wanted to gift the charter to the American people , hoping that this would encourage the United States , then neutral , to enter the war against the Axis powers , but the cathedral was unwilling and the plans were dropped .
) The years since its initial release have solidified the high estimation of La Strada . It holds a 97 % rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes from 31 reviewers who , on average , scored it 8.7 on a scale of 10 . Its numerous appearances on lists of best films include the 1992 Directors ' poll of the British Film Institute ( 4th best ) , the New York Times " Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made " , and the " Greatest Films " list of They Shoot Pictures , Don 't They ( # 67 ) - a website which statistically calculates the most well received movies .
Phosphorylation of a protein by a kinase can activate this cascade such as the mitogen activated protein kinase cascade . ATP is also used by adenylate cyclase and is transformed to the second messenger molecule cyclic AMP , which is involved in triggering calcium signals by the release of calcium from intracellular stores . This form of signal transduction is particularly important in brain function , although it is involved in the regulation of a multitude of other cellular processes . In all known organisms , the Deoxyribonucleotides that make up DNA are synthesized by the action of ribonucleotide reductase ( RNR ) enzymes on their corresponding ribonucleotides .
Services were held in people 's homes in Lynn and later in Hawthorne Hall , Boston . On January 31 , 1881 , Eddy was granted a charter to form the Massachusetts Metaphysical College to teach " pathology , ontology , therapeutics , moral science , metaphysics , and their application to the treatment of disease . " The college lived wherever Eddy did ; a new sign appeared on 8 Broad Street . In October 1881 there was a revolt . Eight church members resigned , signing a document complaining of Eddy 's " frequent ebullitions of temper , love of money , and the appearance of hypocrisy .
The band did a large amount of writing before leaving on tour , but upon completion of the tour , they took time off to " take a couple of months and chill and do other stuff , " with intentions to regroup in 2010 . In June and July 2010 , the band spent time at their rehearsal spot , and their intention was to wrap up touring by September , and stay in the studio for the rest of the year until the album was finished . The album sessions were to be partially documented in The Blinkumentary , which was scrapped in 2012 .
Wilkins gave credit to other movements , such as the Freedom Rides , the integration of the University of Mississippi , and campaigns to end public school segregation . Birmingham 's public schools were integrated in September 1963 . Governor Wallace sent National Guard troops to keep black students out but President Kennedy reversed Wallace by ordering the troops to stand down . Violence continued to plague the city , however . Someone threw a tear gas canister into Loveman 's department store when it complied with the desegregation agreement ; twenty people in the store required hospital treatment . Four months after the Birmingham campaign settlement , someone bombed the house of NAACP attorney Arthur Shores , injuring his wife in the attack .
In 1985 , football ground writer Simon Inglis described the view from the main stand , which was still the same as when it was developed in 1908 , as " like watching football from the cockpit of a Sopwith Camel " because of its antiquated supports and struts . On 11 May 1985 , one of the worst sporting disasters occurred at Valley Parade . Fifty six people died and at least 265 were injured when the main stand was engulfed by fire . The fire started 40 minutes into the club 's final game of the 1984 – 85 season against Lincoln City and destroyed the main stand in just nine minutes .
Other politicians who attended UH include Gene Green , a Democratic politician and a U.S. congressman from the state of Texas representing that state 's 29th congressional district , which includes most of eastern Houston , along with large portions of Houston 's eastern suburbs ; and Ted Poe , a Republican politician currently representing Texas 's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives . Poe 's district includes most of northern Houston , as well as most of the Beaumont – Port Arthur metropolitan area . Other notable celebrity alumni include Jim Parsons , star of the television series The Big Bang Theory , Brent Spiner of Star Trek : The Next Generation , actors Robert Wuhl , Loretta Devine , Dennis Quaid , Randy Quaid , Brett Cullen , comedian Bill Hicks and former attorney and talk show host Star Jones , Project Runway contestants Chloe Dao and Laura Bennett , sportscasters Jim Nantz and Robert Flores , and country music star Larry Gatlin .
" Johansson received her fourth Golden Globe nomination , and one from the Chicago Film Critics Association , for Best Supporting Actress . In another collaboration with Allen , she was cast opposite Hugh Jackman and Allen in the 2006 film Scoop . While the film enjoyed a modest worldwide box office success , it received mixed reviews by critics . The same year , she appeared in Brian De Palma 's The Black Dahlia , a film noir shot in Los Angeles and Bulgaria . Johansson later said she was a De Palma fan and had wanted to work with him on the film , even though she thought that she was " physically wrong " for the part .
Women are capable of rationality ; it only appears that they are not , because men have refused to educate them and encouraged them to be frivolous ( Wollstonecraft describes silly women as " spaniels " and " toys " ) . While stressing it is of the same kind , she entertains the notion that women might not be able to attain the same degree of knowledge that men do . Wollstonecraft attacks conduct book writers such as James Fordyce and John Gregory as well as educational philosophers such as Jean Jacques Rousseau who argue that a woman does not need a rational education .
Although I felt there were excellent interpretations of baroque music performed on modern instruments , I sensed that we 'd come to the end of the road – and yet I knew that there were still discoveries to be made . I was thinking about the interesting experiments made by Nikolaus Harnoncourt and Gustav Leonhardt , although I knew we 'd have to experiment in our own way . It was a huge challenge ; playing period instruments wasn 't as easy as it is today , and finding out their secrets was a difficult process . Nowadays an extraordinarily high technical level has been achieved and the upcoming generations don 't have any of the problems we pioneers faced .
The occasion was marked by a parading of the Queen 's Colour and a flypast by six CT 4s in front of the new CAS , Air Marshal Barry Gration . This was followed by a service at the RAAF Chapel of the Holy Trinity overflown by four Winjeels and a Tiger Moth , and later an all ranks dining in night . Concurrent with the phase out of training at No. 1 FTS , British Aerospace was contracted to conduct flight grading at its base in Tamworth , New South Wales . Subsequent all through flight training on the Pilatus PC 9 took place at No. 2 FTS , Pearce .
It was broadcast on July 17 , 2011 , and was the first original Breaking Bad episode in 13 months , since the third season finale episode " Full Measure " aired in June 2010 . AMC officials delayed the fourth season premiere until July because they felt the Nielsen ratings would be better during the summer . While Breaking Bad scripts are generally 50 pages long , the screenplay to " Box Cutter " was 43 pages long , and Gilligan was originally concerned because he did not want to stretch out the episode simply to pad the running time .
Nevertheless , the book managed to break records regarding the number of copies pre ordered before the release . Nicholas Callaway pointed out that the book was an unprecedented hit , because the print run of an average art book ranges between 5 and 10,000 units . He described it as " the largest initial release of any illustrated book in publishing history " . Due to the high scandal and controversy surrounding the book , there wasn 't really any need for Madonna to promote it ; however , one of the few promotions for the book Madonna did , was appearing on the cover of the October edition of Vogue , where she appeared dressed in " Hippie trip " fashion .
He officially assumed that position when the 109th Congress convened on January 4 , 2005 . On March 9 , 2006 , a revision of the USA PATRIOT Act was signed into law . It amended the process for interim appointments of U.S. Attorneys , a clause Specter wrote during his chairmanship of the Senate Judiciary Committee . The change allowed the Bush Administration to appoint interim U.S. attorneys without term limits , and without confirmation by the Senate . The Bush administration used the law to place at least eight interim attorneys into office in 2006 . Specter claimed that the changes were added by staff member Brett Tolman .
It is known to have appeared in Missouri , United States , at least 4,000 years ago . Debates about the origin of C. pepo have been on going since at least 1857 . There have traditionally been two opposing theories about its origin : 1 ) that it is a direct descendant of C. texana and 2 ) that C. texana is merely feral C. pepo . A more recent theory by botanist Thomas Andres in 1987 is that descendants of C. fraterna hybridized with C. texana , resulting in two distinct domestication events in two different areas : one in Mexico and one in the eastern United States , with C. fraterna and C. texana , respectively , as the ancestral species .
At her old school , meanwhile , her classmates have been led to believe that she was chosen for an elite social experiment , and when she returns she is treated like royalty . Esther later discovers that Mary has died in a motorcycle accident , and a grieving Sunni is transferred to Esther 's private school under her grandmother 's care . Ultimately deciding that being true to herself is more important than fitting in , Esther discards her pretenses and renews her friendship with Sunni . Danielle Catanzariti as Esther Blueburger Keisha Castle Hughes as Sunni Kaire Toni Collette as Mary Christian Byers as Jacob Blueburger Essie Davis as Grace Blueburger Russell Dykstra as Osmond Blueburger Jonny Pasvolsky as Mr. Hooper Cassandra Jinman as " The Slug " Janay Mosby as Vanessa Yen Yen Stender as Lissy Cathy Randall 's script for Hey , Hey , It 's Esther Blueburger stemmed from her desire " to make a film about a kick ass chick , a heroine for teenagers and people of all ages " , wanting to take a female twist on The Catcher in the Rye 's Holden Caulfield .
The standard Z 7 was fitted with Bramo 323P 1 radial engines and had a crew of three airmen . In comparison to the standard bomber version , the fuel load arrangement was altered by subdividing into cells . Two cells were in the wings , with a capacity of 770 litres ( 154 imperial gallons ) each . A third cell was placed in the bomb bay within the main fuselage , having a capacity of 895 litres ( 179 imperial gallons ) . The oxygen supply for the three man crew was reduced to nine bottles , as intercepts at high altitudes were not anticipated .
This species is mainly diurnal , especially in the north of its range . Further south it is said to be active in the evening , and it may even be active at night during the summer months . It is predominantly a terrestrial species , although it has been known to climb up banks and into low bushes in order to bask or search for prey . Adders are not usually aggressive , tending to be rather timid and biting only when cornered or alarmed . People are generally bitten only after stepping on them or attempting to pick them up .
India 's higher speed rail will be in the range of 160 and 200 km / h ( 99 and 124 mph ) . On 3 July 2014 , a trail run with the new top speeds of 160 km / h ( 99 mph ) was successfully completed on a journey of 200 km ( 120 mi ) between Delhi and Agra . The new service , to be in operation in March 2016 , will cut the travel time from 126 minutes by the current trains with top speeds of 160 km / h ( 99 mph ) down to 99 minutes .
In 1977 , the pilot episode of The Amazing Spider Man television series was released by Columbia Pictures as a feature film outside of the United States . In 1978 , episodes from the television series were re edited and released outside of the United States as a feature film titled Spider Man Strikes Back . In 1979 , a film made using the same method was released as Spider Man : The Dragon 's Challenge . On July 22 , 1978 , Tōei released a theatrical spin off of their Spider Man TV series at the Tōei Cartoon Festival .
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , attended the funeral , the second time in the Queen 's reign that she had attended the funeral of a former prime minister ( the first being that of Winston Churchill in 1965 ) . After the service at St Paul 's Cathedral , Thatcher 's body was cremated at Mortlake Crematorium , where her husband had been cremated . On 28 September a service for Thatcher was held in the All Saints Chapel of the Royal Hospital Chelsea 's Margaret Thatcher Infirmary . In a private ceremony Thatcher 's ashes were interred in the grounds of the hospital , next to those of her husband .
The Cyclops class ships had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that was 8 inches ( 203 mm ) thick amidships and thinned to 6 inches ( 152 mm ) at the ends . The superstructure and conning tower was fully armoured , the reason it was called a breastwork , with 8 – 9 inches ( 203 – 229 mm ) of wrought iron . The gun turrets had 10 inches on their faces and nine inches on the sides and rear . All of the vertical armour was backed by 9 – 11 inches ( 229 – 279 mm ) of teak .
The French Air Force bombarded Antioch for 17 days until the rebels withdrew to Narlija . On 18 April , taking advantage of the diversion of French forces to Gaziantep where a major battle between French and Turkish forces was taking place , Hananu decided to attack the French garrison at Harim . With fifty of his irregulars , Hananu stormed the town . As word of his attack spread to nearby villages , his forces subsequently swelled to 400 . Hananu and Rashid al Tali 'a cooperated with Barakat in an attempt to unify northern Syria 's rebel groups into a single resistance movement against the French , in allegiance with Faisal 's government in Damascus .
Lanthanum was first found by the Swedish chemist Carl Gustav Mosander in 1839 as an impurity in cerium nitrate – hence the name lanthanum , from the Ancient Greek λανθάνειν ( lanthanein ) , meaning " to lie hidden " . Although it is classified as a rare earth element , lanthanum is the 28th most abundant element in the Earth 's crust , being just under three times as abundant as lead . In minerals such as monazite and bastnäsite , lanthanum makes up about a quarter of the lanthanide content . It is extracted from these minerals using a process of such complexity that pure lanthanum metal was not isolated until 1923 .
The city assumed maintenance of the road on May 1 , after it had been paved from Tide Street to Ocean Beach . Private citizens paid for over $ 100,000 of the costs , and the city was to pay for $ 12,000 , according to an agreement made in 1904 . However , by December the bill had not been paid by the city due to a lack of funds , and the construction company filed a claim ; on December 29 , the city agreed to pay $ 12,000 , using funds from the water department . The termination of the Point Loma streetcar line was considered in 1923 , but the San Diego Electric Railway decided to keep it running after residents opposed the idea of using buses instead .
" The Power of Equality " confronted topics concerning racial equality , prejudice and sexism . Kiedis wrote " I Could Have Lied " to document the brief relationship he had with Irish singer Sinéad O 'Connor . All photography , paintings and art direction for Blood Sugar Sex Magik were credited to filmmaker Gus Van Sant , with the exception of the " tongue illustration " , which , according to the album booklet , is credited to Henky Penky ( Henk Schiffmacher ) . The cover of the album features the four band members ' faces positioned around a rose .
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer described helping Brown win the Mayoral race as his " biggest campaign priority " in the last month and a half before Primary Day . Buffalo , which had an 8 : 1 Democrat to Republican ratio and a 38 % black population , was 75 % contained in Brown 's State Senate district . Brown carried 59 % of the vote in the September 13 , 2005 Democratic primary , and faced Kevin Helfer , a former City Council colleague , in the general election . Brown was the sixth African American to win the Democratic Mayor Primary since the 1960s , but all before him had failed to win the general election , even though the city had not elected a Republican since 1961 .
However , from 16 April onwards , it was apparent that the Nivelle Offensive was failing and Haig came under pressure to keep the Germans occupied in the Arras sector to minimise French losses . At 04 : 45 on 23 April , following two days of poor visibility and freezing weather , British troops of the Third Army ( VI and VII corps ) , attacked to the east along an approximate 9 mi ( 14 km ) front from Croisilles to Gavrelle on both sides of the Scarpe . The 51st Division attacked on the northern side in heavy fighting on the western outskirts of Roeux Wood and the chemical works .
Polonius , spying on the conversation from behind a tapestry , makes a noise . Hamlet , believing it is Claudius , stabs wildly , killing Polonius , but pulls aside the curtain and sees his mistake . In a rage , Hamlet brutally insults his mother for her apparent ignorance of Claudius 's villainy , but the Ghost enters and reprimands Hamlet for his inaction and harsh words . Unable to see or hear the Ghost herself , Gertrude takes Hamlet 's conversation with it as further evidence of madness . After begging the queen to stop sleeping with Claudius , Hamlet leaves , dragging Polonius 's corpse away .
Some of them were seized by the protesters , who also broke into the local government buildings . 57 people were killed and several hundred injured in two days of fighting . Several major military formations entered the scene , but the army 's role was mainly that of support of the police and the security forces action . At the Poznań radio station , Prime Minister Cyrankiewicz in his widely publicized speech warned and threatened the rioters : he " … who will dare raise his hand against the people 's rule may be sure that … the authorities will chop off his hand " .
Like much else concerning the tradition , its origins are not well understood , although the valleys around Tequila , Jalisco , which include the archaeological sites of Huitzilapa and Teuchitlan , constitute its " undisputed core " . The tradition lasted until at least 300 CE although there is not wide agreement on the end date . The Western Mexico shaft tombs are characterized by a vertical or nearly vertical shaft , dug 3 to 20 metres down into what is often underlying volcanic tuff . The base of the shaft opens into one or two ( occasionally more ) horizontal chambers , perhaps 4 by 4 metres ( varying considerably ) , with a low ceiling .
Biographer Barney Hoskyns observed that both the seclusion of Woodstock and the discipline and sense of tradition in the Hawks ' musicianship were just what Dylan needed after the " globe trotting psychosis " of the 1965 – 66 tour . Dylan began to write and record new material at the sessions . According to Hudson , " We were doing seven , eight , ten , sometimes fifteen songs a day . Some were old ballads and traditional songs ... but others Bob would make up as he went along . ... We 'd play the melody , he 'd sing a few words he 'd written , and then make up some more , or else just mouth sounds or even syllables as he went along .
During that same academic term , College President James O. Freedman predicted that the Greek system at Dartmouth would be coeducational within 10 years . In 1999 , the college administration announced a " Residential and Social Life Initiative " to improve campus life . Speculation that all single sex fraternities and sororities would be required to adopt coeducational membership policies led to intense campus debate . In a survey conducted by The Dartmouth newspaper , 49 % of the student body responded , and 83 % of those respondents were in favor of retaining a single sex Greek system at Dartmouth .
Johnson led on the lap 238 restart . Four laps later Kvapil made heavy contact with the wall after being bumped and Tony Raines ' car had a cut tire from contact with Ragan , prompting the seventh caution . Most of the leaders , including Johnson , again made pit stops . On lap 244 , it was announced that Jeff Burton had retired from the race . Gordon became the leader at the restart , ahead of Hamlin , Elliott Sadler , Kurt Busch and Nemechek . Hamlin passed Gordon for the lead on lap 256 . Twenty three laps later Bowyer made contact with Kenseth , spinning him in turn four ( although he kept his car off the wall ) and prompting the race 's eighth caution .
Farmers resisted forced resettlement and petitioned for permanent land rights to the irrigated land ( which was usually held as property of the Office du Niger ) . Despite these efforts , a significant cash crop economy did not develop in the French Sudan . Like much of the rest of French West Africa , the colony had a number of policies regarding Islam and the Muslim communities . The Arabic language and Islamic law were preferred in the colony by the French in the establishment of colonial government , largely because both were codified , and thus easy to standardize .
He can do it by setting the negro free . Suppose that was an awful big snake down there , on the floor . He bite you . Folks all scared , because you die . You send for a doctor to cut the bite ; but the snake , he rolled up there , and while the doctor doing it , he bite you again . The doctor dug out that bite ; but while the doctor doing it , the snake , he spring up and bite you again ; so he keep doing it , till you kill him .
The song debuted at number 57 on the UK Singles Chart and number six on the UK R & B Singles Chart for the issue dated December 28 , 2013 . It eventually peaked at numbers nine and three respectively in February 2014 ; it marked Beyoncé 's seventeenth top 10 single on the UK Singles Chart as a solo artist . " Drunk in Love " was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) on January 22 , 2016 for sales of 600,000 copies in the UK . On the Irish Singles Chart , the song reached number 10 on February 6 , 2014 .
" All the Best Cowboys Have Daddy Issues " received a 6.8 in the ages 18 – 49 demographic in the Nielsen ratings . The episode was watched by 18.88 million viewers , the sixth largest audience in American television the week it aired . It was also an improvement of over 1.7 million over the previous episode , " Raised by Another " . In the United Kingdom , the episode was seen by 3.76 million viewers . It was the second highest rated series to air on Channel 4 for the week . Critical reactions of the episode were positive .
Adjacent to Polk Place is a sunken brick courtyard known as the Pit where students will gather , often engaging in lively debate with speakers such as the Pit Preacher . The Morehead – Patterson Bell Tower , located in the heart of campus , tolls the quarter hour . In 1999 , UNC Chapel Hill was one of sixteen recipients of the American Society of Landscape Architects Medallion Awards and was identified as one of 50 college or university " works of art " by T.A. Gaines in his book The Campus as a Work of Art . The university 's campus is informally divided into three regions , usually referred to as " north campus , " " middle campus , " and " south campus .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 18.2 knots ( 33.7 km / h ; 20.9 mph ) and a maximum submerged speed of 7.7 knots ( 14.3 km / h ; 8.9 mph ) . When submerged , the boat could operate for 65 – 78 nautical miles ( 120 – 144 km ; 75 – 90 mi ) at 4 knots ( 7.4 km / h ; 4.6 mph ) ; when surfaced , she could travel 10,500 nautical miles ( 19,400 km ; 12,100 mi ) at 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) .
Infection by the fungal species Anthracostroma persooniae results in leaf spot disease . P. levis is the food plant of the larvae of the weevil species Eurhynchus laevior . Colletid bees of the genus Leioproctus subgenus Cladocerapis exclusively forage on and pollinate flowers of many species of Persoonia . Bees of subgenus Filiglossa in the same genus that also specialise in feeding on Persoonia flowers do not appear to be effective pollinators . Particular species recorded on P. levis include the longtongue bee Leioproctus carinatifrons . Weighing 1700 mg ( 0.60 oz ) , the fruit are adapted to be eaten by vertebrates , such as kangaroos and possums , as well as currawongs and other large birds .
She reminds Kurt that the club members value him highly and that he is not alone , and asks him to sing the Judy Garland / Barbra Streisand duet of " Get Happy " and " Happy Days Are Here Again " with her . In " Never Been Kissed " , Kurt goes to spy on the Dalton Academy glee club , the Warblers — New Directions ' primary competition for Sectionals — and meets openly gay student Blaine Anderson ( Darren Criss ) , who then flirts with him while singing lead in a Warblers performance of " Teenage Dream " .
Amaro received a standing ovation from the audience and panel of judges alike . The performance of Amaro also brought Nicole Scherzinger to tears . She said : " This is why I do this . People like you inspire me . You made a believer out of me . Thank you . " Paula Abdul said : " You are the brightest gift , God bless you . " L.A. Reid declared : " Melanie , you are truly amazing . You have the gift , you have the soul , you have the spirit , you have the swagger ... you have the X Factor " while Simon Cowell said : " When I was asked by a lot of people why I was bringing this show to America , it was because I hoped that we were going to find someone like you .
The Planning Screen has two maps ; the smaller one on the bottom left shows the operational area and the larger map a close up view of the region selected by the player . Shown on the maps are the continuously updated positions of the Marines and their enemies . The game simulates fog of war by blacking out unexplored areas on the maps and representing unseen Genestealers as blips , unveiling them as Marines come within sight . Switching to the Terminator View Screen offers a first person perspective of the mission through the Marines ' eyes . The Screen contains five monitors : a large primary monitor at the bottom and four smaller secondary displays arrayed above .
His book provided a list of types of death ( strangulation , drowning , poison , blows , etc . ) and a means of physical examination in order to distinguish between murder , suicide , or accident . Besides instructions on proper ways to examine corpses , Song Ci also provided instructions on providing first aid for victims close to death from hanging , drowning , sunstroke , freezing to death , and undernourishment . For the specific case of drowning , Song Ci advised using the first aid technique of artificial respiration . He wrote of examinations of victims ' bodies performed in the open amongst official clerks and attendants , a coroner 's assistant ( or midwife in the case of women ) , actual accused suspect of the crime and relatives of the deceased , with the results of the autopsy called out loud to the group and noted in the inquest report .
Meanwhile , a broad high pressure area moved over the United States behind an intense storm that moved eastward into the Atlantic Ocean . Connected to the cyclone was a shear line stretching from Bermuda to the Caribbean Sea , which spawned an upper level low over open waters . It moved westward on October 4 , and by the next day it was located over the Southeastern United States . The feature over Guatemala began moving toward the northeast as the upper level low approached and began deepening . Modern day analysis estimates that the system became a tropical storm early on October 5 , shortly after emerging into the Caribbean .
They now begin to manufacture their own army of Sunstreaker bodies . Shockwave and the Dynobots are excavated up by archaeologists in Eureka , Nevada and Skywatch takes over the area . In Oregon , two young humans wonder whether to buy Soundwave , still trapped in cassette player mode . Megatron calls Sixshot to come and speed up Earth 's destruction , and the Reapers follow , eager to have Sixshot join their attempt to rid the universe of war like species . Elsewhere on Earth , Ramjet 's grandiose plans for a coup against Megatron fail when the Decepticon leader kills him in one on one combat .
A versatile athlete , he played as goalkeeper for the football clubs Hajduk in Osijek and HAŠK in Zagreb . He also played tennis and was one of the founders of the Drava rowing club in Osijek . For a short period of time , Blažeković was a member of the Croatian Peasant Party ( Croatian : Hrvatska seljačka stranka , HSS ) . After leaving the party , he became involved in various Croatian youth organizations and was imprisoned several times in Zagreb and Osijek as a result . During this time , he was also involved in numerous violent confrontations with Communist students .
The album was originally intended to be frontman Neil Finn 's third solo release . In the wake of Paul Hester 's death , as well as preparations for the release of the live album Farewell to the World , the band members were drawn together and their friendship was reinvigorated . In 2006 , Neil Finn invited bassist Nick Seymour to participate in the recording of his new album and subsequent tour . In the initial phase , various session musicians filled parts , such as studio musician Joey Waronker on drums and British soul singer Beth Rowley provided backup vocals for the song " Transit Lounge .
He turned down the offer of a posting home to Southern Rhodesia as an instructor and , after a refresher course in Egypt , travelled to Corsica to rejoin No. 237 Squadron , which was by now flying Spitfire Mk IXs . Smith reported for duty with No. 237 Squadron in Corsica on 10 May 1944 , and resumed operational flying two days later . Soon after , he was promoted in the field to flight lieutenant . At this time the unit was attached to an American bomber group , and assigned to cover it during attacks on northern Italian cities such as Genoa .
In 1897 , the Hungarian government decided that only Hungarian place names should be used and prohibited the use of the German or Romanian versions of the city 's name on official government documents . In the autumn of 1918 , as World War I drew to a close , Cluj became a centre of revolutionary activity , headed by Amos Frâncu . On 28 October 1918 , Frâncu made an appeal for the organisation of the " union of all Romanians " . Thirty nine delegates were elected from Cluj to attend the proclamation of the union of Transylvania with the Kingdom of Romania in Alba Iulia on 1 December 1918 , later acknowledged internationally by the Treaty of Trianon .
Outside Poland , Sienkiewicz 's popularity declined beginning in the interbellum , except for Quo Vadis , which retained relative fame thanks to several film adaptations , including a notable American one in 1951 . In Poland his works are still widely read ; he is seen as a classic author , and his works are often required reading in schools . They have also been adapted for Polish films and television series . The first critical analyses of his works were published in his lifetime . He has been the subject of a number of biographies . His works have received criticism , in his lifetime and since , as being oversimplistic : a view expressed notably by the 20th century Polish novelist and dramatist Witold Gombrowicz , who described Sienkiewicz as a " first rate second rate writer " .
NY 32B was gradually truncated as time went on . In the early 1940s , NY 32B was cut back on its east end to its junction with US 4 in Hudson Falls , eliminating its lengthy overlap with US 4 along the Hudson River . The route would have been severed from its parent , NY 32 , as a result ; however , NY 32 was extended northeastward along US 9 from South Glens Falls to NY 32B in Glens Falls by this time . On January 1 , 1949 , NY 32 was extended east to US 4 in Hudson Falls by way of Warren Street , Boulevard , and Feeder Street .
Durkheim 's period in Germany resulted in the publication of numerous articles on German social science and philosophy ; Durkheim was particularly impressed by the work of Wilhelm Wundt . Durkheim 's articles gained recognition in France , and he received a teaching appointment in the University of Bordeaux in 1887 , where he was to teach the university 's first social science course . His official title was Chargé d 'un Cours de Science Sociale et de Pédagogie and thus he taught both pedagogy and sociology ( the latter had never been taught in France before ) . The appointment of the social scientist to the mostly humanistic faculty was an important sign of the change of times , and also the growing importance and recognition of the social sciences .
In a BBC interview in 1971 , Sellers had said that more than anything else , he wanted to play the role , and successfully persuaded the author of the book Jerzy Kosinski to allow him and director Hal Ashby to make the film , provided he could write the script . During filming , to remain in character , Sellers refused most interview requests and kept his distance from the other actors . Sellers considered Chance 's walking and voice the character 's most important attributes , and in preparing for the role , he worked alone with a tape recorder , or with his wife , and then with Ashby , to perfect the clear enunciation and flat delivery needed to reveal " the childlike mind behind the words " .
Randall Roberts of Los Angeles Times saw the video as " basically like 20 different Vogue shoots documented and spliced . There is no plot other than the basic lyrical premise , " I need you to pay more attention to me , " given heft by a syllabically rocky first person observation about pop culture , fame and art that Andy Warhol noted 50 years ago . " Chiderah Monde of New York Daily News described the video as " a straight forward profile of the artist herself . " A writer of Rolling Stone compared the black and white look of the video with Madonna 's " Vogue " , 1920s German Expressionist cinema and Ingmar Bergman 's The Seventh Seal .
The terminal building at L.F. Wade International Airport was flooded after the storm compromised its roof and sprinkler system . Along the coast , the storm unmoored and destroyed numerous boats . Immediately after the hurricane , 200 Bermuda Regiment soldiers were called to clear debris and assist in initial damage repairs . Cleanup efforts overlapped with preparations for the approach of the stronger Hurricane Gonzalo , which struck the island less than six days later and compounded the damage . Fay and Gonzalo marked the first recorded instance of two Bermuda hurricane landfalls in one season . Hurricane Fay originated in a disturbance calved from a mid- to upper level trough over the east central Atlantic .
In 1975 , Jones registered as a Democrat , citing his disenchantment with the Nixon administration and his desire to participate in Kentucky primary elections . At the time , Democrats outnumbered Republicans in Kentucky by a 2 to 1 margin . Governor John Y. Brown , Jr. named him to the board of directors for the University of Kentucky and the Chandler Medical Center . In the mid 1980s , Jones created the Kentucky Health Care Access Foundation to provide free health care to individuals who fell below the poverty line but did not qualify for Medicaid . Governor Martha Layne Collins chose Jones to chair her Medicaid Program Review Team and serve on her Council on Education Reform .
A rigorous quarantine policy was implemented in Australia ; although this reduced the immediate impact of the flu , the nation 's death toll surpassed 11,500 . When the pandemic struck in 1918 , the ships of the Royal Australian Navy were dispersed throughout the world . The speed at which the flu spread , coupled with the cramped mess decks and poorly ventilated living spaces on early 20th century warships , created a favourable environment for the disease . The pandemic swept through the British Grand Fleet in 1918 ; the Australian cruisers assigned to the fleet suffered high casualties , with up to 157 casualties in one ship alone .
' And then when Wayne got on it ' Look at Me Now ' became a radio record . It just took off from there . " " Look at Me Now " is a " dirty south inspired " hip hop song that features American rappers Lil Wayne and Busta Rhymes . According to Chad Grischow from IGN , the song features " thumping bass , spacy synth and horn jam sounds . " Electronic background mixes are also present in the song . Over a beat that evokes Cali Swag District 's 2010 single " Teach Me How to Dougie " , " Brown sings that he 's still riding high ( in a yellow Lamborghini , to boot ) before venturing off into a typically tasteless discussion of his manhood " , according to staff members from Idolator .
They belittled the role of the masses and the role of the Party , disparaged collective leadership , undermined inner party democracy , suppressed the activeness of party members , their initiative and enterprise , led to lack of control , irresponsibility , and even arbitrariness in the work of individuals , prevented the development of criticism and self criticism , and gave rise to one sided and at times mistaken decisions . " During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 , Suslov , along with Anastas Mikoyan , operated in close proximity to Budapest in order to direct the activities of the Soviet troops and to lend assistance to the new Hungarian leadership .
When they reached the moor Brady took the child with him while Hindley waited in the car . Brady sexually assaulted Kilbride and attempted to slit his throat with a six inch serrated blade before fatally strangling him with a piece of string , possibly a shoelace . Twelve year old Keith Bennett vanished on his way to his grandmother 's house in Longsight ( Manchester ) during the early evening of 16 June 1964 , four days after his birthday . Hindley lured him into her Mini Pick up — which Brady was sitting in the back of — by asking for the boy 's help in loading some boxes , after which she said she would drive him home .
Paired with Usher , Beyoncé dances seductively and flirts with him to portray a naughty girl . She felt that they were a " perfect match " for the dancing scenes in the video . According to Usher , the video is a homage to classic " ultimate entertainers " ; including dancers , singers and actors . He further talked about the collaboration on the video , saying , " Beyoncé and me have been talking about doing a record together . She reached out to me and said she had an idea and really wanted me to be the lead in her video ... I was like , ' Well let me hear the idea .
Instead , a wheelchair lift was installed , but it proved not to work . The area around the doors are step free from the platform , but within the trains steps must be taken to reach the seating area . The Norwegian Federation of Organisations of Disabled People have criticized Flytoget for ordering identical additional cars that will not ease access for the disabled . The Class 71 is capable of speeds up to 210 km / h ( 130 mph ) , compared to 200 km / h ( 120 mph ) in the original . This speed was chosen to make it possible to get from Oslo Central Station to Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in less than 20 minutes .
It is the tenth track on their 1987 album The Joshua Tree . " Exit " was developed from a lengthy jam that was recorded in a single take and edited down to a shorter arrangement . The lyrics , which portray the mind of a serial killer , were inspired by lead singer Bono 's reading of Norman Mailer 's 1980 novel The Executioner 's Song , and other related works . In his trial for the murder of Rebecca Schaeffer , Robert John Bardo used " Exit " as part of his defence , claiming the song had influenced his actions .
Whereas previous incarnations of the system had not allowed for national servicemen to be sent overseas ( within various definitions of that term ) , the new scheme was implemented with the express purpose of sending these recruits overseas as Australia 's commitments in the region required a large scale increase in the Army . Additionally , instead of being used to fill the ranks of the CMF , the scheme was essentially used to expand the Regular Army . Due to the terms of service , national servicemen were required to serve two years full time in Regular Army units , after which they were required to serve a further three years in the CMF .
She displaced 23,088 long tons ( 23,458 t ) at normal load , and 25,086 long tons ( 25,489 t ) at deep load . She had a crew of 31 officers and 969 enlisted men . The ship 's machinery consisted of four Parsons steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft . Steam for the turbines was provided by 20 Blechynden water tube boilers , eight of which burned fuel oil , and twelve which burned both oil and coal . Designed to reach a maximum speed of 22.5 knots ( 41.7 km / h ; 25.9 mph ) from 31,000 shaft horsepower ( 23,000 kW ) , Conte di Cavour failed to reach this goal on her sea trials , despite generally exceeding the rated power of her turbines .
When it was Bobby Lashley 's turn his pod wouldn 't open , he could not exit it because Heyman 's Security Force had bolted the door shut . Lashley then used the table that was with him to smash through the pod , allowing him to escape . He then hit Test with a spear and then eliminated him with a pinfall . The defending ECW Champion , Big Show , was the final man to exit his pod and had a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire in tow . Lashley was able to block Big Show 's swing of the barbed wire bat with a folding chair and then threw him into the pod , causing him to bleed .
The bridge was poorly designed and dangerous both to its users and to passing shipping , and boats often collided with it . To reduce the dangers to shipping , two piers were removed and the sections of the bridge above them were strengthened with iron girders . Although dangerous and unpopular , the bridge was the last surviving wooden bridge on the Thames in London , and was the subject of paintings by many significant artists such as J. M. W. Turner , John Sell Cotman and James McNeill Whistler , including Whistler 's Nocturne : Blue and Gold – Old Battersea Bridge , and his controversial Nocturne in Black and Gold – The Falling Rocket .
The team 's time on each was calculated by taking the best three riders from that team and adding their times together ; the team with the lowest cumulative time was the leader of the classification . Another jersey was awarded at the end of each stage . This was a combativity prize and was to be awarded to the rider who " made the greatest effort and [ ... ] demonstrated the best qualities in terms of sportsmanship " . A jury selected a list of riders to be eligible for the prize ; the winner of the prize was then decided by a vote on Twitter .
Howe was sent to North America in March 1775 , arriving in May after the American War of Independence broke out . After leading British troops to a costly victory in the Battle of Bunker Hill , Howe took command of all British forces in America from Thomas Gage in September of that year . Howe 's record in North America was marked by the successful capture of both New York City and Philadelphia . However , poor British campaign planning for 1777 contributed to the failure of John Burgoyne 's Saratoga campaign , which played a major role in the entry of France into the war .
When Derek and Sharon return home after dinner , they discover that Lisa had been in the house and seemingly abducted Derek and Sharon 's infant son , Kyle ( Nathan and Nicolas Myers ) . Derek goes to his car with the intent to pursue Lisa , only to find the baby is safely sitting in the back seat . He and Sharon immediately take Kyle to the hospital for a check up . When Derek and Sharon return home from the hospital , they find Lisa has trashed their bedroom and removed Sharon 's face from their family portrait .
Eleven British alpine skiers took part in the Games , ten in the men 's events and one in the women 's . All five of Britain 's medals at the Games were won in alpine skiing events . The team 's only silver medal was won by Richard Burt in the giant slalom B3 classification and he also won a bronze in the super G B3 . Burt almost missed his silver medal run when race officials started prematurely resetting the slalom course , but Burt 's sighted guide Keith Hockley noticed and took him up the mountain to complete the race .
Meanwhile , it was revealed that SingNet had consented to Odex 's application , had not instructed its lawyers to attend the hearing , and the two week deadline for appealing against the application had passed . SingNet 's failure to contest Odex 's application , perhaps even expediting it , was perceived by some of its subscribers as a voluntary breach of privacy . SingNet later declared that it neither " gave consent " nor assisted Odex in its application for the release of subscriber information , and that its customer subscriptions remained unaffected . In a rare move , District Judge Earnest Lau released a 14 page judgment explaining the court 's denial of Odex 's request for Pacific Internet 's client information .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 , the census locality ( town and sub area ) of Giffnock had a total resident population of 16,178 , or 18 % of the total of East Renfrewshire . The median age of males and females living in Giffnock was 39 and 43 respectively , compared to 37 and 39 years for those in the whole of Scotland . Fifty six percent were married , 3.5 % were cohabiting couples , 6.9 % were lone parent families and 28.7 % of households were made up of individuals . The place of birth of the towns residents was 94.4 % United Kingdom ( including 87.8 % from Scotland ) , 0.6 % Republic of Ireland , 0.9 % from other European Union countries and 4.2 % from elsewhere in the world .
He has been described as an " immensely talented striker " who is " strong and powerful " and " a potent finisher from inside the box " . Benzema was born in the city of Lyon and began his football career with local club Bron Terraillon . In 1996 , he joined the biggest club in the city , Olympique Lyonnais , and subsequently came through the club 's youth academy . Benzema made his professional debut in the 2004 – 05 season and appeared sporadically in his first three seasons as Lyon won three titles in that span .
Patrick Kolan of IGN Australia gave the film an enormous amount of praise , awarding it a perfect 10 / 10 and saying " It 's the Watchmen film you always wanted to see , but never expected to get . " Also praising the film along with another perfect score ( 4 / 4 ) was Kyle Smith of the New York Post , comparing it to some of Stanley Kubrick 's films . " Director Zack Snyder 's cerebral , scintillating follow up to 300 seems , to even a weary filmgoer 's eye , as fresh and magnificent in sound and vision as 2001 .
After the summer season ended in early October 1960 , Storm and the Hurricanes were free to travel to Hamburg , replacing Derry and the Seniors at the Kaiserkeller . They arrived in Hamburg on 1 October 1960 , having negotiated to be paid more than the Seniors or the Beatles . They played five or six 90 minute sets every day alternating with The Beatles . Storm and The Hurricanes were later presented with a special certificate by Bruno Koschmider ( the owner of the Kaiserkeller ) for their performances . The stage of the Kaiserkeller was made of planks of wood balanced on the top of beer crates , so the two groups made a bet to see to who would be the first to break it .
Irreemplazable peaked at number 105 on the Billboard 200 , and has sold 57,000 copies in the United States . It also appeared on the Top R & B / Hip Hop Albums , the Top Latin Albums and the Latin Pop Albums charts . " Bello Embustero " including on the album was nominated for Record of The Year at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2007 . Growing up in Houston , Texas , Beyoncé was surrounded by the Spanish language , and learned some Spanish as a child , which she later forgot . When re recording songs for Irreemplazable , Beyoncé 's vocal coach provided the Spanish lyrics phonetically , and each line was recorded up to four times for the EP .
Together with the 1972 Apple concert film directed by Saul Swimmer , the album gained Indian classical music its largest Western audience up until that time . The album was reissued in 2005 , in remastered form , featuring a new cover . Among the many words of acclaim that have been written about The Concert for Bangladesh since its release , author Tom Moon describes it as an album to play " whenever your faith in the power of music begins to wane " . Sales of The Concert for Bangladesh continue to benefit the George Harrison Fund for UNICEF , which raised $ 1.2 million for children in the Horn of Africa , in a 2011 campaign marking the album 's 40th anniversary .
" The single peaked at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100 , while reaching 67 in Austria and 57 in Germany . The second single , " He Said She Said , " originally released as a promo single for the album , was sent to mainstream radio on November 6 , 2007 . The single peaked at 58 in the United States , 21 in Austria , 17 in Germany , and 62 in Canada . It was later certified Gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over 500,000 copies .
Similar behaviour is seen in species that practice resource defence polygyny . The territories probably provided all the food the birds needed in adittion to acting as breeding areas , and there was probably intense competition for favourable territories . The fact that Rodrigues island shrank by 90 % at the end of the Pleistocene may also have contributed to such competition over territories , and thereby furthered sexual dimorphism . Hans Hendricksz Bouwer was the first to list " dodos " , most likely referring to the Rodrigues solitaire , as part of the fauna of Rodrigues in 1601 .
In 2011 , Zinta made her television debut as the host of the show Guinness World Records – Ab India Todega on Colors Channel . An Indian version of Guinness Book of World Records , the show premiered on 18 March to an audience measurement of 3.3 rating points , which made it occupy the 7th position on the chart of celebrity driven reality shows on Hindi entertainment channels . In a four star review for Hindustan Times , critic Rachana Dubey wrote , " Preity is a riot . She ’ s vivacious and knows exactly when she needs to be serious and when she can crack jokes .
One of the forward bases used for these operations was at Bound Brook , located on the Raritan River upriver from New Brunswick , the major British camp in New Jersey . The post was responsible for patrolling three bridges across the Raritan likely to be used by the British in moves against the main camp at Morristown . In February 1777 , the Bound Brook outpost consisted of 1,000 men under the command of Major General Benjamin Lincoln , but this was reduced by expiring militia enlistments to 500 in mid March . The troops that remained were from the 8th Pennsylvania Regiment , a company from the 4th Continental Artillery , and two independent companies from the Wyoming Valley in what is now northeastern Pennsylvania , but was then also claimed by Connecticut as Westmoreland County .
The European nightjar feeds on a wide variety of flying insects , including moths , beetles , mantises , dragonflies , cockroaches and flies . It will pick glowworms off vegetation . It consumes grit to aid with digesting its prey , but any plant material and non flying invertebrates consumed are taken inadvertently while hunting other food items . Young chicks have been known to eat their own faeces . Birds hunt over open habitats and woodland clearings and edges , and may be attracted to insects concentrating around artificial lights , near farm animals or over stagnant ponds .
He did not breathe in the last ten metres , and claimed to be laughing for the final five metres , confident that his opponent could not pass him . The Australian freestyler had finished his leg in 49.86 s as he had vowed to his team mates . The time of 3 m 45.70 s sealed Australia 's first ever win in a medley relay at the Olympics , for men or women . Brooks dedicated the team 's win to his mother , who had died from cancer the previous Christmas . Upon returning to Australia , he was greeted as a hero , but he considered retiring due to waning desire for success after his triumph in Moscow .
Bickerton ( 1973 : 641 ) even went so far as to claim that principled description of interdialectal code switching would be impossible without such rules . An example of this concept is presented in Saporta ( 1965 : 223 ) with a phonological difference between Castilian and Uruguayan Spanish : Without the use of ordered rules , Uruguayan Spanish could be interpreted as having two additional phonemes and morphophonemic vowel alternation with its plural marker . Attempting to construct a diasystem that encodes such a variety would thus represent all Spanish varieties as having seven vowel phonemes ( with contrasts only in final position ) .
The Allied armies had enacted their Dyle plan on the morning of 10 May , and were approaching the Belgian rear . King Leopold had gone to his Headquarters near Briedgen , Antwerp . The Luftwaffe was to spearhead the aerial battle in the low countries . Its first task was the elimination of the Belgian air contingent . Despite an overwhelming numerical superiority of 1,375 aircraft , 957 of which were serviceable , the air campaign in Belgium had limited success overall on the first day . At roughly 04 : 00 , the first air raids were conducted against airfields and communication centres .
An on screen clock tracks the day and time . Link can return to 6 : 00 am on the first day by playing the " Song of Time " on the Ocarina of Time . If he does not before the 72 hours expire , then the moon will destroy Clock Town , including all the surrounding regions of Termina and Link will lose everything he accomplished . A real time countdown will begin when only 6 hours remain . However , returning to the first day saves the player 's progress and major accomplishments permanently , such as the acquisition of maps , masks , songs , and weapons .
" Despite his criticism of the AI , GameSpot 's Craig Beers scored the game 8.4 out of 10 , writing " It manages to take all the fun parts from its predecessor and greatly expands them to create an engaging , new action game in its own right . " IGN 's Steve Butts scored the game 8.8 out of 10 , giving it an " Editor 's Choice Award " and writing " If you like Star Wars and think flipping around chopping up Stormtroopers and flinging Dark Jedi off of conveniently placed precipices is fun , then this game is definitely for you .
The Jets recovered to 7 – 6 , but then lost to the Atlanta Falcons on December 20 , a defeat that caused Ryan to state that the Jets " were obviously out of the playoffs " . The next week , the Jets played the 14 – 0 Indianapolis Colts . The Colts removed many of their starting players from the game early in the second half with a 15 – 10 lead ; the Jets came back for the victory . The victory put the Jets ' fate in their own hands , and they defeated the Bengals ( who had also clinched a playoff spot and played few starters ) in the last game ever at Giants Stadium to secure a playoff berth .
In 2012 the museum was headed by Sujatmiko . That year David Kristian Budhiyanto of Petra Christian University wrote that the museum was rarely visited and in some places poorly maintained . He posited this to be based on a popular view of museums as unexciting or boring places . In order to attract new visitors , the museum has initiated several competitions in 2012 and 2013 , including a photography contest on the museum 's Facebook page . It has also undertaken mobile exhibitions , showing some of its collection in cities such as Yogyakarta and Magelang . Between January and September 2013 the museum received 26,249 visitors , an increase of 250 per cent over the previous year 's target ; this was credited to the various promotional efforts undertaken .
Thüringen and her sisters were eventually ceded to the victorious Allied powers as war reparations ; Thüringen was transferred to France in April 1920 and used as a target ship for the French Navy . She was sunk off Gavres and broken up in situ in 1923 – 1933 , though some sections of the ship remain . Thüringen was ordered by the German Imperial Navy ( Kaiserliche Marine ) under the provisional name Ersatz Beowulf , as a replacement for the old coastal defense ship Beowulf . The contract for the ship was awarded to the AG Weser dockyard in Bremen under construction number 166 .
The updated setting also allowed the First World War to account for the lack of male staff at the house . The Freudian and libidinous elements some literary theorists have seen in James 's story are particularly prevalent in the film , with Ann 's repressed sexual feelings for the Master resulting in a number of highly sexual sequences . Further , Welch added a theological element not present in James 's story ; Ann 's father is a preacher , although Ann herself is unsure of her faith . The psychiatrist , by contrast , is an atheist . When he asks Ann about her faith , she replies that she believes in the Devil .
He is the 16th head coach of the Michigan Wolverines . The 2015 – 16 season is his ninth at Michigan . Beilein has won 665 career games at four year universities ( including games that were not at the Division I level ) and 732 games altogether , including those at the junior college level . He has previously coached the West Virginia Mountaineers ( 2002 – 2007 ) , Richmond Spiders ( 1997 – 2002 ) , Canisius College Golden Griffins ( 1992 – 1997 ) in Division I as well as Le Moyne College ( 1983 – 1992 ) , Nazareth College ( 1982 – 1983 ) and Erie Community College ( 1978 – 1982 ) .
It is assumed that the Saxons occupied the rest of Somerset about this time . The Saxon rule was consolidated under King Ine , who established a fort at Taunton , demolished by his wife in 722 . It is sometimes said that he built palaces at Somerton and South Petherton but this does not seem to be the case . He fought against Geraint in 710 . In 705 the diocese of Sherborne was formed , taking in Wessex west of Selwood . Saxon kings granted land in Somerset by charter from the 7th century onward . The way and extent to which the Britons survived under the Saxons is a debatable matter .
It states that one of the daughters married Fergus of Galloway ; while the other married John , Lord of Mull . It is unknown who these men could have been . In about 2004 , a DNA project attempted to uncover the genetic origin of Clan MacLeod . The project studied the Y DNA of about 400 men who bore surnames which equate to MacLeod . The study 's findings showed that 32 % of the men tested had a common ancestor in the male line ; and that this ancestor lived about 1,000 years ago . This particular group was by far the largest group of related men .
In 2000 , Egypt 's co production , entitled Alam Simsim ( عالم سمسم ) , began to air throughout the Arab World and was broadcast in Arabic . Its curriculum focused on literacy , math , cognitive and social skills , girls ' education , the environment , and health . The show was sponsored by its patron , Egyptian First Lady Suzanne Mubarak . A study conducted in 2004 showed that the show 's efforts to educate Egyptian children about health were substantially influential . South Africa aired Takalani Sesame , also in 2000 ; it focused on AIDS education with the creation of the first HIV positive Muppet , Kami , who was declared a UNICEF " Champion for Children " in 2003 .
Beginning in Pula , the largest city on the Istrian peninsula , it runs north to the Croatian motorway and expressway network at the Kanfanar interchange . Here it meets the A8 motorway , forming the Istrian Y road system . The A9 continues north from here to the Kaštel and Plovanija border crossings into Slovenia . The motorway represents a significant north – south transportation corridor in Croatia and is a part of the European route E751 . The motorway 's national significance is reflected in the positive economic impact on the cities and towns it connects , as well as its importance to tourism in Croatia .
After the funeral , Eleanor packed and moved out of the White House , returning to Val Kill . In instructions left for Eleanor in the event of his death , Franklin proposed turning over Hyde Park to the federal government as a museum , and she spent the following months cataloging the estate and arranging the transfer . After FDR 's death , Eleanor moved into an apartment at 29 Washington Square West in Greenwich Village . In 1950 , she rented suites at The Park Sheraton Hotel ( 202 West 56th Street ) . She lived here until 1953 when she moved to 211 East 62nd Street .
The dative case can be either grammatical or semantic , depending on the syntactic requirements of the verb . Demonstratives are similarly considered nominals in Wagiman , and take the same case suffixes depending on their semantic and syntactic roles ; their function within the sentence . That is , the demonstrative mahan ' this ' , or ' here ' ( root : mayh- ) , may take case just like any other nominal . mayh yi this ERG ' this one ( did it ) ' mayh ga this ALL ' to here' guda ' fire ' , ' wood ' [ ɡʊda ] wirin ' tree ' , ' stick ' [ wɪɻɪn ] lagiban ' man ' [ laɡɪban ] gordal ' head ' [ ɡɔɖaɫ ] lagiriny ' tail ' [ laɡɪɻɪɲ ] manyngardal ' tongue ' [ maɲŋaɖaɫ ] Pronouns are typologically nominals also , yet their morphosyntactic alignment is nominative – accusative rather than ergative – absolutive .
His direct reporting style in his column Red Privada ( " Private Network " ) , which publicly exposed government and law enforcement corruption , organized crime , and drug trafficking , was distributed and read in over 200 newspapers across Mexico . Born in the state of Michoacán , Buendía first wrote for La Nación , the official magazine of the National Action Party ( PAN ) . After losing interest in the party , he left to work for La Prensa and became the editor in chief in 1960 . He left the newspaper in 1963 and worked for several different media outlets in Mexico throughout the 1970s and ' 80s , including the Mexico City based newspapers El Universal and Excélsior .
After completion of the palace , Hunt remained at Alupka working on an assortment of projects in and around the estate building long carriage drives , roads and structural improvements to the gardens surrounding the palace . One of his largest projects was an extension to the palace itself , the Shuvalov wing , which was to be the summer retreat of the Vorontsov 's daughter Countess Sofia Shuvalova and her children , the countess was estranged from her husband This wing linled the palace to the western gatehouse , and created the enclosed Shuvalov Passage leading to the main entrance .
An Antarctic hiatus followed the return of Quest , there being no significant expeditions to the region for seven years . The expeditions that then followed were of a different character from their predecessors , belonging to the " mechanical age " that succeeded the Heroic Age . At the end of his narrative of the Quest expedition , Wild wrote of the Antarctic : " I think that my work there is done " ; he never returned , closing a career which , like Shackleton 's , had bracketed the entire Heroic Age . None of the other Endurance veterans returned to the Antarctic , although Worsley made one voyage to the Arctic in 1925 .
It is also known under the alternate title of A Blonde in Love . The fiction film tells the story of a young woman who has a routine job in a shoe factory in provincial Czechoslovakia . When the army holds maneuvers near her home town , the factory supervisor organizes a mixer for the largely female workforce and the all male soldiers . This dance proves a mixed success , with many of the soldiers , who are middle aged reservists , and many of the factory workers , who are inexperienced young women with idealized views of romance , being confused by and disappointed with their potential dancing partners .
Brown had stated that win or lose in his 2014 New Hampshire Senatorial bid , he planned to remain a New Hampshire resident for the rest of his life . In January 2015 , it was revealed that shortly after losing to Shaheen , Brown , age 55 , filed an application to the Massachusetts State Retirement Board to claim a state pension . Brown has not ruled out running for office again in the future . Brown is also working as a contributor for Fox News Channel and as an on call host for Fox & Friends . Brown served as a featured speaker at the 2015 Republican Leadership Summit in Nashua , New Hampshire .
The second cycle , the Devils Hill eruptive cycle , was similar in result , but was caused by the intrusion of a dike of new silicic magma that erupted from about 20 vents on the southeast side and from a smaller line on the north side . Unlike its sister peaks , South Sister has an uneroded summit crater about 1 ⁄ 4 mile ( 0.40 km ) in diameter that holds a small crater lake known as Teardrop Pool , the highest lake in Oregon . The slopes of South Sister have a number of small glaciers , including the Lewis , Clark , Lost Creek and Prouty glaciers near the crater rim .
The Anglo Saxon kings built up a set of written laws , issued either as statutes or codes , but these laws were never written down in their entirety and were always supplemented by an extensive oral tradition of customary law . In the early part of the period local assemblies called moots were gathered to apply the laws to particular cases ; in the 10th century these were replaced by hundred courts , serving local areas , and shire moots dealing with larger regions of the kingdom . Many churchmen and thegns were also given permission by the king to hold their own local courts .
Almost immediately , the Partisan 3rd Corps commenced an offensive , attacking II / 28 at Srebrnik . It held on despite being pressed hard during two days of fighting against the 11th Krajina Division . By the end of the first week in September , divisional supply columns were being attacked by Chetniks , sensing German weakness and looking for arms and supplies . Three members of the division were killed in these attacks . Over the same week , the Allies conducted Operation Ratweek throughout the Balkans , which involved Allied air power pounding Axis troop concentrations and key infrastructure in order to impede the German withdrawal from Greece .
Zagzebski argues that things in the world have objective moral properties , such as being lovable , which are given to them through God 's perception of them . God 's attitude towards something is cast as a morally good attitude . The theory casts God as a good example for morality , and humans should imitate his virtues as much as is possible for finite , imperfect beings . Philosopher William Wainwright considered a challenge to the theory on semantic grounds , arguing that " being commanded by God " and " being obligatory " do not mean the same thing , contrary to what the theory suggests .
The song begins with an emotionally frayed spoken word introduction by Leigh Anne Pinnock , " She captures her reflection then she throws the mirror to the floor / Her image is distorted , screaming ' Is it worth it anymore ? " 4Music said that the spoken word introduction is reminiscent of All Saints ' 1997 single , " Never Ever " . The chorus , " Change , change your life , take it all / We gonna stick together , know we get through it all " , is pledged by the group in harmony over a spiralling piano lines , cascading keyboard lines and rousing , chugging strings .
" For Balukas 's part , she returned to Bay Ridge , took over management of her family 's pool hall , Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn , and states that " I 'm enjoying my life immensely ... I have moved on . " In summing up these events in a 1992 article , The New York Times stated , " So America 's greatest woman pool player competes only for the odd soda . If you 're feeling lucky , drop by her poolroom ... If you 're thirsty ... go elsewhere . " In 1975 , when she was 15 years old , Balukas was already described as the " best female pool player in the world " .
Just before the cobble section of the Haaghoek , a neutral car by supplier Shimano tried to overtake the leading group and hit Sergent , who fell and had to retire with a broken collarbone , which later required surgery . With the lead group now down to six riders , they led the main field by three minutes , with Team Sky leading the chase , after their rider Bradley Wiggins had recovered from an earlier crash . Another incident involving a car by Shimano occurred a little later when it crashed into the back of a FDJ team car , which in turn brought down rider Sébastien Chavanel , forcing him to abandon as well .
Wade Keller of the Pro Wrestling Torch rated the Ultimate X Challenge 4 and a fourth stars out of 5 , while the main event 2 and three quarter stars out of 5 . The Falls Count Anywhere match was given 3 and a fourth stars out of 5 , 1 and a half stars more than the Taped Fist First Blood match . His lowest rated match during his review was the encounter between The Disciples of Destruction and Phi Delta Slam , which he gave three quarters of a star . The event was released on DVD on November 15 , 2005 by TNA Home Video .
Our people then fired over one another ’ s heads , being in a long column , two and two ; they killed two and wounded eleven . Lieutenant Hawkstone , said to be the greatest beauty of the British army , had his cheeks so badly wounded that it disfigured him much , of which he bitterly complained . On this , the British fled , and assembled on the hill , the north side of Concord , and dressed their wounded , and then began their retreat . As they descended the hill near the road that comes out from Bedford they were pursued ; Colonel Bridge , with a few men from Bedford and Chelmsford , came up , and killed several men .
The use of molecular phylogenetics confirmed that these morphologically diverse fungi form a distinct lineage , first termed the " russuloid clade " and today classified as order Russulales in the class Agaricomycetes . The family 's sister group within the order appears to be the crust like Gloeocystidiellaceae . A 2008 molecular phylogenetic study clarified the relationships among the mushroom forming species of the family . The authors demonstrated the existence of four distinct lineages of gilled mushrooms , which led to the description of Multifurca as a new genus separated from Russula and the segregation of Lactifluus from Lactarius .
This would have meant that there were a relatively small proportion of available workers to the number of mouths to feed . This have made it difficult to produce a surplus that would allow demographic growth and more complex societies to develop . From the formation of the Kingdom of Alba in the tenth century , to before the Black Death reached the country in 1349 , estimates based on the amount of farmable land , suggest that population may have grown from half a million to a million . Although there is no reliable documentation on the impact of the plague , there are many anecdotal references to abandoned land in the following decades .
Among the deities said to take the form of a fish are Ika Roa of the Polynesians , Dagon of various ancient Semitic peoples , the shark gods of Hawaiʻi and Matsya of the Hindus . The astrological symbol Pisces is based on a constellation of the same name , but there is also a second fish constellation in the night sky , Piscis Austrinus . A random assemblage of fish merely using some localised resource such as food or nesting sites is known simply as an aggregation . When fish come together in an interactive , social grouping , then they may be forming either a shoal or a school depending on the degree of organisation .
" Regarding the resolution of the character at season four and dropping of Kartheiser from regular cast , Minear says that they had an idea at the conception of teenage Connor that he would only last a season , and " it was time to end the character 's story " . But , they changed his original " violent , morbid " sendoff to a relatively happy one , citing their likability of actor and character as the reason . Also it was " nice to give someone a happy ending for once . " Kartheiser was satisfied with the sendoff , particularly because the issue between Angel and Connor was confronted : That to me is the soul of the character .
The findings and recommendations of the committee were later presented to the Gillard Government in November 2011 , whereafter deliberations were entered into by the Federal and state governments to consider its content . The committee 's report is known as the Gonski Report . Subsequently , the proposed reforms ( an increase in funding ) became known as " Gonski " and supporters urged governments to " Give a Gonski " . The report was removed from the government website by the newly elected Abbott Government after the 2013 Federal election and is preserved by Australia 's Pandora Archive .
Matsui worked in China between 1907 and 1911 , and then again as resident officer in Shanghai between 1915 and 1919 . In 1921 Matsui was posted to Siberia as a staff officer , but returned in 1922 to China where he served until 1924 as an advisor to Zhang Zuolin in the Manchurian city of Harbin and did intelligence work for Japan 's Kwantung Army . Due to his extensive experience in China Matsui became recognized as one of the most important of the Japanese Army 's " China experts " , and he was well known in the Army for his love of things Chinese and his hobby of writing Chinese poetry .
The ships were powered by two horizontal 2 cylinder single expansion steam engines ; these drove a pair of 3 bladed screws .95 m ( 3 ft 1 in ) on diameter . The engines were placed in a single engine room . Two locomotive boilers with two fireboxes apiece supplied steam to the engines ; they were located in a separate boiler room . The engines were rated at 320 indicated horsepower ( 240 kW ) and a top speed of 6.5 knots ( 12.0 km / h ; 7.5 mph ) . In service , they were capable of 48 nominal horsepower and 8.25 kn ( 15.28 km / h ; 9.49 mph ) .
After the Restoration the formal frontier with England was re established , along with its customs duties . Economic conditions were generally favourable from 1660 to 1688 , as land owners promoted better tillage and cattle raising . The monopoly of royal burghs over foreign trade was partially ended by and Act of 1672 , leaving them with the old luxuries of wines , silk , spices and dyes and opening up trade of increasingly significant salt , coal , corn and hides and imports from the Americas . The English Navigation Acts limited the ability of the Scots to engage in what would have been lucrative trading with England 's growing colonies , but these were often circumvented , with Glasgow becoming an increasingly important commercial centre , opening up trade with the American colonies : importing sugar from the West Indies and tobacco from Virginia and Maryland .
A second video of the recording of the album surfaced subsequently on YouTube , depicting the band ( this time including Alain Johannes ) recording a new track , " Turning on the Screw " in studio . In early April , the official band website was updated with a 37 second excerpt from " Sick , Sick , Sick " . This was replaced by the complete song , " 3 's and 7 's " , which was later removed . QOTSA fansite thefade.net announced a promotional contest for fans to win " a special package " from the band , confirmed as legitimate by the band 's webmaster .
However , his continuing correspondence with Saint Germain was not noble . Although Marlborough did not wish for a Jacobite restoration his double dealing ensured that William III and George I would never be fully disposed to trust him . Marlborough 's weakness during Anne 's reign lay in the English political scene . His determination to preserve the independence of the Queen 's administration from control of party faction initially enjoyed full support , but once royal favour turned elsewhere , the Duke , like his key ally Godolphin , found himself isolated ; first becoming little more than a servant of the Whigs , then a victim of the Tories .
Shiva also has Dasha Sahasranamas ( 10,000 names ) that are found in the Mahanyasa . The Shri Rudram Chamakam , also known as the Śatarudriya , is a devotional hymn to Shiva hailing him by many names . Early prehistorical paintings at the Bhimbetka rock shelters , depict Shiva dancing , Shiva 's trident , and his mount Nandi but no other Vedic gods . The worship of Shiva is a pan Hindu tradition , practiced widely across all of India , Nepal and Sri Lanka . The figure of Shiva as we know him today was built up over time , with the ideas of many regional sects being amalgamated into a single figure .
Yami is also the ruler of the demons . Before battle , he drains Amaterasu of her powers and leaves her as a plain white wolf . Amaterasu regains her powers throughout the fight , but , after the fourth round , Yami destroys them all again and leaves Amaterasu in a near dead state . However , when Issun gets everyone to believe in Amaterasu before the fifth and final round , she changes into her most powerful form and battles Yami , vanquishing him forever . In the final battle , Yami also has a huge clawed hand , which demonstrates the evil which comes from Humans ' hands .
' " and further described him as an " aristocrat among Anglican scholars " . Other obituaries and appreciations describe how he was generous with his time and knowledge , and always ready to point students in the right direction . The Independent credits his capacious memory and a personal library of around 20,000 books as the foundation of his broad scholarship . According to The Times , when reviewing others ' writing he was usually generous , though capable of a courteous demolition job when well deserved . A capable preacher , though doubtful of his ability when preaching to a non academic congregation , Chadwick was well regarded as a lecturer and companion at High Table .
Kindt returned to play for the Badgers in October 1945 . In his return , Kindt shared the halfback position with Ben Bendrick , and Jerry Thompson . Kindt only managed to play three games that season , mainly because of a late release he received while returning from the Army . When Kindt returned to the squad , one journalist took it as far as hailing Kindt 's return as a " godsend " who inspired the Badgers with his " inspirational play " . He scored two touchdowns against Iowa upon his return . In the season finale on November 24 against the Minnesota Golden Gophers , Kindt scored three touchdowns despite being used as a " blocking back " in a 26 – 12 win .
He stated , " I feel heavy responsibility as a yokozuna that I have caused trouble to so many people . I am the only person who can put an end to it all . I think it 's my destiny that I retire like this . " Asashōryū did not comment directly on the brawl , except to say that what actually happened was " quite different " to media reports . " I decided to step down to bring this to a closure . " Asashōryū referred to criticism for not showing hinkaku ( dignity ) as a yokozuna .
" Watt later commented that Double Nickels on the Dime was the " best album I ever played on . " The information regarding accolades attributed to Double Nickels on the Dime is adapted from AcclaimedMusic.net. * designates unordered lists . To ensure that the CD version would be compatible with all players , the following tracks were omitted from all CD releases : " Mr. Robot 's Holy Orders " , " Ain 't Talkin ' ' bout Love " and " Little Man With A Gun In His Hand " . " Don 't Look Now " and " Dr. Wu " were removed from 1987 release , but included in 1989 release .
This generated a fourth combination , O. anomala . Since Descourtilz 's description pre dates that of Beccari , Zombia antillarum ( which is based on Descourtilz 's description ) has priority over Oothrinax anomala . In addition , Cook 's name is invalid , since it was apparently never formally described . In the first edition of Genera Palmarum ( 1987 ) , Natalie Uhl and John Dransfield placed the genus Zombia in the subfamily Coryphoideae , the tribe Corypheae and the subtribe Thrinacinae using Harold E. Moore 's 1973 classification of the palm family . Subsequent phylogenetic analysis showed that the Old World and New World members of the Thrinacinae were not closely related .
The episode premiered on American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) on September 30 , 2007 . It was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw . In the episode , Susan ( Teri Hatcher ) learns that she is expecting a child while Bree ( Marcia Cross ) continues to fake her own pregnancy . Gabrielle ( Eva Longoria ) begins an affair with her ex husband , Carlos ( Ricardo Antonio Chavira ) and Lynette ( Felicity Huffman ) tries to conceal her cancer from her friends and children . The episode also introduces Katherine Mayfair ( Dana Delany ) , Susan 's old friend who returns to the neighborhood after being away for 12 years .
In the management community the topics of management theory , positioning strategy , brand management , strategic management , advertisement , competitive strategy , leadership , business ethics , mass customization , core competencies , strategic intent , reputation management , and system theory were discussed . Main issues and debates in design management included the topics of design leadership , design thinking , and corporate identity ; plus the involvement of design management at the operational , tactical , and strategic levels . In 1980 Robert Blaich , the senior managing director of design at Philips , introduced a design management system that regards design , production , and marketing as a single unit .
It was a similar tale in the second innings , as Loxton removed opener Jack Davies for a duck and ended with 1 / 12 from six overs as the hosts fell for 124 in only 32.5 overs . Australia had won the match by an innings within two days . In the next fixture against the Gentlemen of England , Loxton made only 17 as Australia eventually declared at 5 / 610 against a team that featured eight Test players . Loxton then took a match total of 0 / 37 from 21 overs as Australia completed another innings victory .
Three airborne divisions were initially chosen to participate in the operation , these being the British 6th Airborne Division , the U.S. 13th Airborne Division and the U.S. 17th Airborne Division , all of which were assigned to U.S. XVIII Airborne Corps , commanded by Major General Matthew B. Ridgway . One of these airborne formations , the British 6th Airborne Division , commanded by Major General Eric Bols , was a veteran division ; it had taken part in Operation Overlord , the assault on Normandy in June the previous year . However , the U.S. 17th Airborne Division , under Major General William Miley , had been activated only in April 1943 and had arrived in Britain in August 1944 , too late to participate in Operation Overlord .
Upset by this , Peter takes Stewie to train at the local gymnasium . A trainer notices Stewie struggling with barbells and offers steroids . Peter injects the drugs into Stewie , who becomes incredibly buff and develops an aggressive personality , much to the horror of his family . Stewie becomes tormenting towards Brian . As time passes , Stewie 's drugs gradually wear off , much to his shock . His skin becomes incredibly loose and flabby . Stewie jumps out of his bedroom window to avoid Brian 's wrath , only to have his loosened skin help him glide to safety .
Park had two children by Carol , Jeremy and Rachael . Gordon and Carol also adopted their niece Vanessa when she was 18 months old after her mother , Christie ( who was Carol 's sister ) , was murdered by her boyfriend in 1969 , aged 17 . This was described as a " rare and appalling coincidence " , but has been picked up on by the case for the defence since the trial . Park remarried twice after Carol was murdered . His second wife was named Catherine , and his third , to whom he remained married until his death , is named Jenny .
because otherwise White plays 11.c5 ! and gets a clear advantage immediately . For example 10 ... b6 ? loses a pawn to 11.Qd5 Nc6 12.Bxc7 , and 10 ... 0 0 ? ! is bad because of 11.c5 ! Qxc5 ? 12.Rc1 Qe7 13.Rxc7 and White is winning already . International Master Timothy Taylor has suggested an alternative for Black on move 9 . He regards 9 ... Bxd2 + as inferior , arguing that " the strong black bishop is traded for the inoffensive knight , and white gets the long term advantage of the two bishops in a semi open game " .
In Iloilo , a lot of the colonial edifices constructed during the American occupation in the country can still be seen . Commercial buildings , houses and churches in that era are abundant in the city and especially in Calle Real . However , certain areas of the country like Batanes have slight differences as both Spanish and Filipino ways of life assimilated differently due to the climate there and limestone and coral were used as building materials . Idjangs or Ivatan castles were the primary shelter of the people prior to the Spanish conquest of the whole Philippines . The common use of the English language is an example of the American impact on Philippine society .
In 1974 , public spending cuts led to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project . In response to this , a nationwide lobbying effort was coordinated among astronomers . Many astronomers met congressmen and senators in person , and large scale letter writing campaigns were organized . The National Academy of Sciences published a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope , and eventually the Senate agreed to half of the budget that had originally been approved by Congress . The funding issues led to something of a reduction in the scale of the project , with the proposed mirror diameter reduced from 3 m to 2.4 m , both to cut costs and to allow a more compact and effective configuration for the telescope hardware .
In the 1995 presidential election , Le Pen rose slightly to 15 % of the vote . The FN won an absolute majority ( and thus the mayorship ) in three cities in the 1995 municipal elections : Toulon , Marignane , and Orange . ( It had won a mayorship only once before , in the small town of Saint Gilles du Gard in 1989 . ) Le Pen then declared that his party would implement its " national preference " policy , with the risk of provoking the central government and being at odds with the laws of the Republic .
Completed in 1927 , it functioned as a toll bridge until the Great Depression , when it was transferred to the city of Bridgeport . Its service life came to an end after it was badly damaged by fire in 1996 , cutting off access to Pleasure Beach . In the decade following the fire , several bonds to fund a new bridge were proposed , but ultimately fell through . Pleasure Beach has become the subject of debate , whether it will become an undisturbed protected salt match or be revitalized . An alternate method of access via water taxi service , first made possible by a grant in 2009 , was not realized until 2013 .
Since 1996 it has formed part of the unitary East Renfrewshire council area ; East Renfrewshire Council is the local authority . Neilston remains part of Renfrewshire for purposes of registration and Lieutenancy . Neilston forms part of the multi member ward 1 of East Renfrewshire Council , namely Neilston , Uplawmoor and Newton Mearns North . Four Councillors are elected using the proportional Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system . The current elected members are Charlie Gilbert ( Conservative ) Paul O 'Kane ( Labour ) Elaine Green ( Labour ) and Tony Buchanan ( SNP ) . Neilston is part of the county constituency of East Renfrewshire , electing one MP to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament .
In addition , oral histories suggest that sovereigns among the Merina , Tanala and Antanosy may have had ancestors who migrated away from Antemoro country . By the early 18th century , the Antemoro had established themselves as major rice and slave exporters . Throughout the 1700s , the Antemoro were embroiled in a conflict with the Ikongo Tanala that culminated in a bloody Tanala invasion of the eastern coastal plain . Shortly afterward , a major Antemoro leader named Andriamamohotra established an alliance and vassal relationship with the king then ruling Imerina , Andrianampoinimerina , to reestablish peace . Antemoro villages are primarily clustered in the southeastern coastal area near Vohipeno and Manakara .
Cardiff was launched on 22 February 1974 by Lady Caroline Gilmore . Following fitting out and sea trials , Cardiff commissioned on 24 September 1979 under command of Captain Barry Wilson . During the next 12 months of active service she steamed over 21,000 kilometres ( 13,000 mi ) and undertook various duties . She returned to her place of construction , Tyne and Wear , so that the Swan Hunter crew who fitted her out could exhibit the warship to their families . In the spirit of establishing a firm association , Cardiff visited her namesake city and welcomed more than 7,000 people on board .
The naval men 's profession is emphasised by the frequency of wearing their uniforms , in contrast to other adaptations of the novel . As a BBC production , Persuasion originally received a budget of £ 750,000 . The British broadcaster proposed a collaboration with the American public television station WGBH Boston , a partnership that had also produced the American anthology television series Masterpiece Theatre as well as literary adaptations like the serial Pride and Prejudice . Rebecca Eaton , executive producer of Masterpiece Theatre , approved the co production as she had a preference for Persuasion out of all Austen 's novels .
She replied saying , [ The song ] just fit right in with my own personal zeitgeist of standing up to male authorities , whether it 's the pope , or the Catholic Church or my father and his conservative , patriarchal ways . ... For ' Papa Don 't Preach ' there were so many opinions – that 's why I thought it was so great . Is she for ' schma smortion ' , as they say in Knocked Up ? Is she against abortion ? " Papa Don 't Preach " is a dance pop song with instrumentation from acoustic , electric , and rhythm guitars , keyboards , and string arrangements .
The last of the company 's dray horses was retired in 1947 . Horses had delivered beer to all the areas surrounding the brewery , as far afield as Pateley Bridge . From 1948 the company exported beer to Belgium where it was bottled and distributed by Tilkens brewery . In 1950 there was a general strike in Belgium , and John Smith 's hired two Handley Page Halifax heavy bomber aircraft to carry 7 ton loads twice daily of their beers into the country in order to ensure supply . In 1953 the firm became a public company , with fixed assets of around £ 5 million , 1,000 licensed premises and around 1,100 employees .
Baylinc is a public transportation bus service provided by the Baldwin Rural Transit System in cooperation with the Wave Transit System that provides service between eastern Baldwin County and downtown Mobile . Baylinc operates Monday through Friday . Greyhound Lines provides intercity bus service between Mobile and many locations throughout the United States . Mobile is served by several taxi and limousine services . The Port of Mobile has public , deepwater terminals with direct access to 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) of inland and intracoastal waterways serving the Great Lakes , the Ohio and Tennessee river valleys ( via the Tennessee Tombigbee Waterway ) , and the Gulf of Mexico .
First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society , London , 1889 . The Willoughby Captains Serialised in B.O.P. 1883 – 84 . First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society , London , 1887 . Reginald Cruden ; A Tale of City Life Serialised in B.O.P. 1885 . First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society , London , 1903 . Follow My Leader , or , The Boys of Templeton First published in book form by Cassell & Co . , London , 1885 . A Dog With a Bad Name Serialised in B.O.P. 1886 – 87 .
During this time period , he was mentioned in official reports and dispatches . On April 5 , 1864 , Major General Philip Sheridan was appointed to command the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac under the newly promoted general in chief Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant . Carpenter became his Aide de camp similar to today 's executive assistant known then as a Field & Staff ( F & S ) officer to the Cavalry Corps . It is unknown how much of an influence Carpenter had on Sheridan on the concept of deploying Union cavalry to become more effective and independent in roles such as long range raids .
The remnants of the storm eventually dissipated early on August 26 over northern Mexico . Along the Texas coastline , Bret threatened several cities , prompting 180,000 residents to evacuate . Numerous shelters were opened throughout the region and prisons were evacuated . Several days prior to the storm 's arrival , the NHC issued hurricane watches , and later warnings for areas near the Texas – Mexico border . Several major roads leading to barrier island towns were shut down to prevent residents from crossing bridges during the hurricane . In nearby Mexico , roughly 7,000 people left coastal areas in advance of the storm .
From the late eighteenth century there are a handful of examples of work from Scottish artists . These included statues of druids on the portico of Penicuik House carved by one " Willie Jeans " in 1776 ; the marble bust of James Gillespie by the obscure Robert Burn ( fl . 1790 – 1816 ) and the bronze figure in Roman armour at the City Chambers , Edinburgh , which may represent Charles Edward Stuart or Louis XV . James Tassie ( 1735 – 99 ) was born in Glasgow and trained as a stonemason . He attended the Foulis Academy , before moving to Dublin and then London .
With DeGeneres hinting at her and her character 's coming out both off screen and within the show , the rumors were confirmed when the episode went into production in March 1997 . Despite threats from advertisers and religious groups , " The Puppy Episode " was an enormous ratings success , won multiple awards and became a cultural phenomenon . Regardless of the episode 's success , DeGeneres and her show quickly garnered criticism for being " too gay " ; the series was canceled after one more season and DeGeneres and guest star Laura Dern faced career backlash .
Other notable plants include shrubs such as Rhodomyrtus tomentosa , Gaultheria fragrantissima , herbs , Exacum trinervium , E. walkeri , Drosera indica , and tree ferns Cyathea spp . Anzia , a foliose lichen genus belonging to Parmeliaceae family , which had not been recorded in Sri Lanka before , was discovered here in 2007 . There are conflicting views on how the grasslands of the park came into being , whether man made or natural . It is now believed that the grasslands on the dry slopes were created by forest clearance and fires while grasslands in low lying areas were naturally created by wet conditions , frost and soil erosion .
In stark contrast , Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union support for Ryzhkov 's economic reform plan increased . Ryzhkov 's economic reform plan was passed by an overwhelming majority , with 1,532 deputies in favour , 419 against and 44 deputies abstaining . The parliamentary Interregional Group 's vote of no confidence in Ryzhkov 's government also failed , with 199 members in favour of Ryzhkov and his cabinet 's resignation , 1,685 against and 99 abstaining . As the result of a propaganda war launched against Ryzhkov by Gorbachev supporters , several leading members of the Council of Ministers and its Presidium urged Ryzhkov to resign so that the Soviet Government could reach a compromise with the Russian Government .
" The idea was credited with driving interest in the mission . Chinese researchers used the Deep Impact mission as an opportunity to highlight the efficiency of American science because public support ensured the possibility of funding long term research . By contrast , " in China , the public usually has no idea what our scientists are doing , and limited funding for the promotion of science weakens people 's enthusiasm for research . " Two days after the U.S. mission succeeded in having a probe collide with a comet , China revealed a plan for what it called a " more clever " version of the mission : landing a probe on a small comet or asteroid to push it off course .
There are hinge points in the center of each arch . The deck is wood covered with an asphalt driving surface . Enough wood was used in construction to fabricate three or four average sized homes . All the wood was pressure treated , and the steel was galvanized and epoxy coated . Reapplication of preservative and tighening bolts will be the routine maintenance required every three years . Past Eagle Harbor , M 26 meets the highly scenic Brockway Mountain Drive . The northern terminus of M 26 is located in Copper Harbor . The terminus is just past the second intersection with Brockway Mountain Drive near the marina and the location of the Isle Royale Queen ferry to Isle Royale National Park .
Erasmus issued editions in 1516 , 1519 , 1522 , 1527 , and 1536 . Notable amongst these are the second edition ( 1519 ) , used by Martin Luther for his translation of the New Testament into German , the so called " September Testament , " and the third edition ( 1522 ) , which was used by Tyndale for the first English New Testament ( 1526 ) and later by translators of the Geneva Bible and the King James Version . With the third edition , the Comma Johanneum was included . The Erasmian edition was the basis for the majority of modern translations of New Testament in the 16 – 19th centuries .
In November 2006 , more than 30 restaurant patrons , including a group of tourists and Democratic Alliance councillor Masizole Mnqasela , were arrested in a police raid for drinking in public . The restaurant did not sell alcohol , but Ngcawuzele explained that he could not stop people from bringing their own . The incident generated controversy in the local press . Tour operator Ryan Hunt claimed that police swore at the patrons and threatened people for asking questions . " The police created a dangerous situation . People are always encouraged to visit township attractions , but now they are turned away with that kind of situation , " he said .
This is the period of advancing and retreating glaciers . The Rove region has multiple tilted layers of volcanic rocks and easily eroded shale . The more resistant diabase dikes and sills remained , while the softer shales were bulldozed away by the glaciers . These former shale valleys filled with water , forming the many lakes in the region . The character of the slates made them especially well suited for glacial quarrying , much more so than the contiguous sills . A cuesta – a ridge formed by gently tilted sedimentary rock layers – topography had developed and was dominated by major east west valleys with a few pronounced gaps in the intervening ridges .
Two years later President Megawati Sukarnoputri declared that the Chinese New Year ( Imlek ) would be marked as a national holiday from 2003 . In addition to Habibie 's directive on the term " pribumi " , the legislature passed a new citizenship law in 2006 defining the word asli ( " indigenous " ) in the Constitution as a natural born person , allowing Chinese Indonesians to be eligible to run for president . The law further stipulates that children of foreigners born in Indonesia are eligible to apply for Indonesian citizenship . The post Suharto era saw the end of discriminatory policy against Chinese Indonesians .
Additionally , the song peaked at number one on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart , at number 23 on the Adult Top 40 chart , at number three on the Mainstream Top 40 ( Pop Songs ) chart , and number eight on the Radio Songs chart . In this region , the song was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of 500,000 units . The accompanying music video for " Can 't Get You Out of My Head " was directed by Dawn Shadforth , and featured dance routines choreographed by Michael Rooney .
After Vietnam gained independence in 1954 , the Geneva Accords partitioned the country into a communist north and an anti communist south , but stipulated that there were to be 300 days of free passage between the two zones . During Operation Passage to Freedom , most VNQDD members migrated to the south . The VNQDD was deeply divided after years of communist pressure , lacked strong leadership and no longer had a coherent military presence , although they had a large presence in central Vietnam . The party 's disarray was only exacerbated by the actions of autocratic President Ngô Đình Diệm , who imprisoned many of its members .
At 16 : 00 , both battered Spanish vessels surrendered , although as the British ships launched boats to take possession of their prizes , the crew of Santa Elena hacked through the anchor cables and allowed their ship to drift onto the rocky shoreline where they disembarked and escaped inland . Martin ordered Ninfa to be secured by his men and Santa Elena to be towed off the rocks with the intention of salvaging the vessel . The tow succeeded in freeing the wrecked ship , but she sank soon afterwards in the deeper water of Conil Bay . All of the treasure which the Spanish frigates had carried was subsequently safely transported into Cadiz by the fishing boat whose secret cargo was not suspected by the British blockade forces .
Welsh cakes , or pice ar y maen meaning " cakes on the stone " , are small round spiced cakes , traditionally cooked on a bakestone , but more recently on a griddle . Once cooked , they can be eaten hot or cold , on their own or topped either with sugar or butter . The dough which is mixed with raisins , sultanas and sometimes currants , is similar to shortbread , meaning they can have the consistency of biscuits when cooked on the griddle , and slightly more like a cake when cooked in the oven .
This design proved to be too vertical for the film 's opening shot , in which the camera pans out to show the ship , and did not appear satisfactory in the film 's 2.35 : 1 aspect ratio . Three days before the design had to be finalized , Jeunet rejected it . Phelps , production illustrator Jim Martin , and concept artist Sylvain Despretz were tasked to redesign the ship . Jeunet felt Martin 's design was too much like a space station , while he accepted Despretz 's design due to its streamlined and horizontal appearance . Composer John Frizzell was encouraged by a friend to audition to compose Alien : Resurrection 's film score .
Following guidelines established by the IAU that classical Kuiper belt objects be given names of mythological beings associated with creation , in September 2006 the Caltech team submitted formal names from Hawaiian mythology to the IAU for both ( 136108 ) 2003 EL61 and its moons , in order " to pay homage to the place where the satellites were discovered " . The names were proposed by David Rabinowitz of the Caltech team . Haumea is the tutelary goddess of the island of Hawaiʻi , where the Mauna Kea Observatory is located . In addition , she is identified with Papa , the goddess of the earth and wife of Wākea ( space ) , which is appropriate because 2003 EL61 is thought to be composed almost entirely of solid rock , without the thick ice mantle over a small rocky core typical of other known Kuiper belt objects .
Through threadbare clues and supposition , mostly centred around a relatively wealthy couple that perished during a plague , believed to be his parents , Lochner is thought to have come from Meersburg , near Lake Constance . Georg and Alhet Lochner were citizens and died there in 1451 . A " Stefan " is referred to as " Stefan Lochner of Constance " in two documents dated 1444 and 1448 . However , there is no archival evidence that he was there , and his style bears no trace of the art in that region . There are no further records of him or his family in the town except for a mention of Lochners ( a fairly uncommon name ) in the village of Hagnau , two kilometers from Meersburg .
The signal on the approach from Goudhurst had arms for traffic from both directions . Leaving Horsmonden , the branch crossed Goudhurst Road by a plate girder bridge , running along the valley of the River Teise towards the Wealden hills . After climbing much of the way through gradients of 1 in 85 and 1 in 60 , Goudhurst was reached ( 6 miles 25 chains ( 10.16 km ) ) , although it was a mile ( 1.6 km ) away and some 250 feet ( 76 m ) lower than Goudhurst village . It was initially more correctly named " Hope Mill , for Goudhurst and Lamberhurst " .
The exception was the Far West , where for the most part , only gold and silver were acceptable currencies , and paper money traded at a discount . In the rest of the nation , gold and silver coins could be purchased from banks , exchange agents , and from the Treasury for a premium in the new greenbacks the government began to issue to fill the gap in commerce and finance the war . Since gold did not circulate in the United States ( except on the West Coast ) in the postwar period , much of the production of coins of that metal in the United States was double eagles for export .
This can be abated by changing the air flow over key parts , such as the windshield . A variety of experiments have been performed in order to verify or disprove various hypotheses about bike dynamics . David Jones built several bikes in a search for an unrideable configuration . Richard Klein built several bikes to confirm Jones 's findings . Richard Klein also built a " Torque Wrench Bike " and a " Rocket Bike " to investigate steering torques and their effects . Keith Code built a motorcycle with fixed handlebars to investigate the effects of rider motion and position on steering .
The Silesian army , composed of Prussians and Russians , left 50,000 men in the Province of Silesia and moved the remaining 100,000 to join with 120,000 Austrians in Saxony . The Crown Prince of Sweden , Jean Baptiste Bernadotte , a former Marshal of France and a favorite of Napoleon 's , established an army of observation at Hamburg and Lübeck , and another 70,000 concentrated 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) southwest of Berlin . Using this plan , the Coalition pushed Napoleon and his allies into an increasingly smaller circle of operation . In theory , while this concentrated Napoleon 's force , it also limited his maneuvering options .
" Despite their relationship having declined from friendship to hatred , Bogdan Pitești 's style and his mundane interests are occasionally seen as sources of inspiration for Caragiale 's only novel , Craii de Curtea Veche ( completed in 1928 ) . Some have noted that Bogdan Pitești has a lot in common with at least one of the three protagonists . He and his wife were both characters in Ion Vinea 's novels Venin de mai ( " May Venom " ) and Lunatecii ( " The Lunatics " ) — Alexandru as Adam Gună , Domnica as wife Iada Gună .
Konkona admitted in an interview that playing the role of a Tamil Brahmin did not come easy . The director forced her to visit Chennai ( where the major language is Tamil ) for two weeks to research her character . She also said that she had learned many characteristics , nuances and mannerisms native to Tamilian housewives . She took a close look at Iyer lifestyles and customs in and around Mylapore , a cultural hub in Chennai . She attempted listening to recorded conversations in Iyer households to get a suitable Tamil accent . The production commenced in December 2001 .
Without appointing a crown prince , Aurangzeb died in 1707 when Mu 'azzam was governor of Kabul and his half brothers ( Muhammad Kam Bakhsh and Muhammad Azam Shah ) were the governors of the Deccan and Gujarat respectively . All three sons intended to win the crown , and Kam Bakhsh began minting coins in his name . Azam prepared to march to Agra and declare himself successor , but was defeated by Mu 'azzam at the Battle of Jajau in June 1707 . Azam and his son , Ali Tabar , were killed in the battle . Mu 'azzam ascended the Mughal throne at age 63 on 19 June 1707 , with the title of Bahadur Shah I. With his predecessors unable to make significant gains in Rajputana , after ascending the throne , Shah made plans to annexe cities of the region to the Mughal empire .
Geoffrey excommunicated anyone who attempted to collect the tax in his archdiocese , but the king confiscated Geoffrey 's estates in retaliation . Geoffrey once again secured the support of Pope Innocent , who ordered John to restore Geoffrey 's possessions , but in the meantime the archbishop had fled to France . A medieval chronicler , Geoffrey of Coldingham , stated that the English church considered Geoffrey a martyr because of this stand against King John . Geoffrey died while still in exile at Grandmont in Normandy on 12 December 1212 . He was buried at a Grandmontine monastery near Rouen , where he had been living for a few years .
This made existing Russian plans obsolete , and Polish forces started a pursuit that ended with the victorious Battle of the Niemen River in September . On the day of Polish victory the Soviets issued a propaganda poster in Moscow proclaiming : " Warsaw has fallen . With it the Poland of yesterday became history . It is nothing but a legend now while the truth of today is the red reality . Long live the Soviets ! Long live the invincible Red Army ! " The battle was a success for the Poles at both the tactical level ( the battle of Radzymin itself ) and the strategic level ( its role in the battle of Warsaw ) .
Main Street then turns northeasterly , passing Mission Point Resort ( the former Mackinac College ) , after which the road name changes to Lake Shore Road . Along this section of the trunkline , Shoreline Trail departs to the south and follows the water 's edge before returning to M 185 at the city 's water filtration plant . After rounding Mission Point , M 185 continues north northwesterly along the eastern shore of Mackinac Island , first passing Dwightwood Spring then the Arch Rock viewing area just beyond the mile 1 marker . The next two miles ( 3.2 km ) of M 185 are relatively isolated and devoid of major landmarks as the highway rounds Hennepin Point and runs along Voyageur 's Bay .
This highway was numbered M 151 . In 1933 , the section of US 112 from Union to Elkhart was renumbered US 112S . M 151 and US 112S each lasted until 1935 when US 112 was extended to replace M 151 . US 112 was also extended to run concurrently with M 60 to New Buffalo , and US 112S was renumbered M 205 . In 1936 , the section of US 112 along Michigan Avenue east of Ypsilanti was expanded into a " super highway " . In 1955 , a realignment of US 127 in southern Jackson County removed a short concurrency with US 112 from Somerset Center in Hillsdale County and the current intersection in northwestern Lenawee County .
It marked the 5th time Davis had 25 points , 10 rebounds and 5 blocks since the beginning of the prior season . No other player has had multiple such games in that time . On November 22 , Davis scored a career high 43 points along with 14 rebounds against the Utah Jazz . He was a finalist for October / November Western Conference Player of the Month . On December 2 , Davis fell one assist and one block short of becoming the youngest NBA player to ever record a Five by five with a 25 point , 10 rebound , 4 assist , 6 -steal , 4 block performance against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
Eden remained with the company until being converted to a hulk , and she was finally scuttled in 1933 . Bega , at 567 tons , transported both passengers and cargo between 1883 when she was launched and 1907 when she capsized with the loss of one of the passengers . At least two more ships joined the fleet in the early 1900s : Peterborough , which was acquired from the Shellharbour Steam Navigation Company , and Merimbula . At the time Merimbula was the company 's finest vessel . She was a 1122 ton screw steamer which provided accommodation for 106 passengers ( 96 saloon and 10 second class ) as well as possessing refrigerated cargo space , and she was capable of between 13 and 14 knots .
Sasha included several of his own tracks made specifically for the game . The game disc is a Mixed Mode CD that allows Wipeout 3 's soundtrack to be played in a standard compact disc player . To promote Wipeout 3 and its game music , Psygnosis sponsored a Global Underground tour for Sasha . Game pods featuring Wipeout 3 were placed at parties and venues , accompanied by a tie in marketing campaign . Overall , critical reception of Wipeout 3 was positive ; the game has an aggregate average of 87 % based on 29 reviews at Game Rankings , and a metascore of 89 at Metacritic .
On July 2 , he had all four Devil Rays ' RBI and hit a three run home run against Pedro Martínez in a 5 – 4 loss to the Red Sox . On September 3 , he hit a three run home run against Freddy García and had four RBI in a 7 – 0 victory over the Seattle Mariners . On September 6 , he stole home plate in a 7 – 4 victory over the Oakland Athletics . On September 23 , he had four hits and hit a home run against Josh Towers in an 8 – 5 loss to the Blue Jays .
For example , Sommers said he believed invisibility was impossible , but the virtual invisibility provided by camouflage camera that projects what is behind a soldier on their front allowed him to include it . The production designers modelled the interior of Destro 's private submarine on a Handley Page Jetstream . Sommers said the bulky immobile " accelerator suits " ( which Beattie said had enabled them to write " a car chase where one guy 's not even in a car " ) had been tough on the actors and were likely to have their roles reduced in potential sequels .
The film was released in 2,550 cinemas across 3,550 screens in India , and across 700 screens internationally — including 196 screens in the United States , 175 in the United Kingdom , 55 in the Middle East , and 30 in Australia — the widest Bollywood release up to that point . A first look of Chennai Express was released on 1 January 2013 . A thirty one second title track teaser , sung by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam , was released on 23 May 2013 . The official trailer of the film was released at an event in Mumbai on 13 June 2013 ; two days after its launch it exceeded four million views on YouTube .
Three Vulcan missions were flown against the airfield , a further two missions in which missiles were launched against radar installations ; an additional two missions were cancelled . At the time , these missions held the record for the world 's longest distance raids . The ECM systems on board the Vulcans proved to be effective at jamming Argentine radars ; while a Vulcan was within the theatre , other British aircraft in the vicinity had a greatly reduced chance of coming under effective fire . On 3 June 1982 , Vulcan B.2 XM597 of No. 50 Squadron took part in the " Black Buck 6 " mission against Argentinian radar sites at Stanley airfield on the Falkland Islands .
As such , early attractions created under Kings Entertainment Company were named after knights , Don Quixote , Vikings , dragons , bats , and beasts . Throughout the Paramount Parks era , the section 's new attractions lacked appropriate theming . The introduction of the Leviathan roller coaster to Medieval Faire in 2012 was the first major investment in the section since 2000 ; the park is now under ownership of Cedar Fair . The section includes four roller coasters ( The Bat , Dragon Fire , Leviathan , and Wild Beast ) and six other rides . Over the years , atmosphere performers have disappeared from most sections of the park , including Medieval Faire .
Work on the parkway resumed on March 15 , 1932 . The new stone walls guarding the new highway cost about $ 100,000 ( 1931 USD ) to construct . The highway opened to traffic on July 20 , 1935 . On September 14 , 1935 , it was formally dedicated by Roosevelt , now President of the United States , at a ribbon cutting ceremony . In all , the road cost $ 1.2 million to construct . President Roosevelt also requested that an elevator be constructed to help visitors from the parking lot to the summit of Whiteface Mountain .
Rockefeller spent $ 600,000 ( $ 11,082,100 in 2015 ) , making it the largest single real estate transaction in the county . The purchases allowed for the construction of about 40 houses on the club property . New facilities were built in the 1920s , including a manager 's house , skeet house , squash house , indoor riding ring , and swimming pool . The club had operated at a loss from the beginning , and after the Wall Street Crash of 1929 , club members were not successful in maintaining their wealth , and membership declined . Cuts were made – horses were sold , Woodlea was closed except for special occasions , and the golf house became the primary clubhouse .
After sailing to the UK as Kalani , the ship was renamed Empire Cheetah and sailed in transatlantic convoys , making three round trips between February 1941 and May 1942 . At that time , Empire Cheetah was transferred to Dutch interests and renamed Hobbema . She successfully completed one transatlantic roundtrip under Dutch registry and was on the homeward leg of her second in Convoy SC 107 , when that convoy was attacked by a wolf pack of German submarines . Shortly after midnight on 4 November 1942 , Hobbema was struck in the engine room by a single torpedo fired by German submarine U 132 .
He was again controversial , with his November 2007 tackle of Internazionale midfielder Luís Figo breaking the Portuguese player 's fibula . In April 2008 , Nedvěd was hospitalised overnight for a concussion sustained in a collision with Roberto Guana during a match against Palermo . Nedvěd scored Juventus ' first league goal of the 2008 – 09 season in a 1 – 1 away draw with Fiorentina , and scored twice against Bologna in a 2 – 1 away win in October . On 26 February 2009 , Nedvěd announced that he would retire at the end of 2008 – 09 season to spend more time with his family .
They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft , using steam provided by three Admiralty three drum boilers . The turbines developed a total of 36,000 shaft horsepower ( 27,000 kW ) and gave a maximum speed of 35.5 knots ( 65.7 km / h ; 40.9 mph ) . Foresight carried a maximum of 470 long tons ( 480 t ) of fuel oil that gave her a range of 6,350 nautical miles ( 11,760 km ; 7,310 mi ) at 15 knots ( 28 km / h ; 17 mph ) .
On 21 September 1953 , the Acting State Secretary of Johor , responding to a query from the Colonial Secretary of Singapore about the status of the island , stated that " the Johore Government does not claim ownership of Pedra Branca " . On 21 December 1979 , Malaysia published a map that showed the island to be within its territorial waters . This ignited a 29 year territorial dispute which , together with the issue of sovereignty over the nearby maritime features of Middle Rocks and South Ledge , the disputants presented to the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) for resolution .
As of February 2013 , there were in the country about 70 Leafs deployed as taxis , 20 in Mexico City and 50 in Aguascalientes . Carrot Mexico , a carsharing company operating in Mexico City , acquired 3 Leafs which are available to their 1,600 customers . Retail sales began in June 2014 , with sales initially limited to Mexico City . Only one version is available with , among other features , " B Mode driving " that allows power renewal almost immediately after the throttle is removed ; a fast charging port that allows a recharge of 80 % of the battery in 30 minutes ; " Around View Monitor " that allows a panoramic view around the car ; leather seats ; and a 7 inch touch screen .
The word " Shavian " has entered the language as encapsulating Shaw 's ideas and his means of expressing them . Shaw was born at 3 Upper Synge Street in Portobello , a lower middle class part of Dublin . He was the youngest child and only son of George Carr Shaw ( 1814 – 85 ) and Lucinda Elizabeth ( Bessie ) Shaw ( née Gurly ; 1830 – 1913 ) ; his elder siblings were Lucinda ( Lucy ) Frances ( 1853 – 1920 ) and Elinor Agnes ( 1855 – 76 ) . The Shaw family was of English descent and belonged to the dominant Protestant Ascendancy in Ireland ; George Carr Shaw , an ineffectual alcoholic , was among the family 's less successful members .
Pelicans , ducks , and raptors are among the birds frequenting the Harney Basin wetlands , a stopping place on the Pacific Flyway . Named for a former manager of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge , the festival includes tours of the wetlands and nearby ranches as well as classes in topics such as birdhouse building , Harney County archeology , and bird sketching . In June , the High Desert Fiddlers host the Country Music Jamboree at the Harney County Fairgrounds on the edge of Burns . Players of all skill levels take part in the jamboree , with stages in three fairground buildings .
Nansen had by now retired from polar exploration , the decisive step being his release of Fram to his fellow Norwegian Roald Amundsen , who was planning a North Pole expedition . When Amundsen made his controversial change of plan and set out for the South Pole , Nansen stood by him . Between 1910 and 1914 , Nansen participated in a several oceanographic voyages . In 1910 , aboard the Norwegian naval vessel Fridtjof , he carried out researches in the northern Atlantic , and in 1912 he took his own yacht , Veslemøy , to Bear Island and Spitsbergen .
Foreigners may be arrested and detained for up to 15 days then deported , or fined up to 5,000 rubles and deported . The fines for individuals are much higher if the offense was committed using mass media or internet . According to a survey conducted in June 2013 by the All Russian Center for the Study of Public Opinion ( also known as VTsIOM ) , at least 90 percent of Russians surveyed were in favour of the law . Over 100 conservative groups worldwide signed a petition in support for the law , with Larry Jacobs , manager of the World Congress of Families , supporting its aim to " prohibit advocacy aimed at involving minors in a lifestyle that would imperil their physical and moral health .
These cookers reach temperatures of 315 ° C ( 599 ° F ) and above but require direct light to function properly and must be repositioned to track the Sun . Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic dish , trough and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications . The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project ( STEP ) in Shenandoah , Georgia , USA where a field of 114 parabolic dishes provided 50 % of the process heating , air conditioning and electrical requirements for a clothing factory . This grid connected cogeneration system provided 400 kW of electricity plus thermal energy in the form of 401 kW steam and 468 kW chilled water , and had a one hour peak load thermal storage .
Relations between Indonesia and the Netherlands continued to be poor , specifically in regard to control of West Papua , historically under Dutch control but claimed by Indonesia . Soegijapranata firmly supported the Indonesian position ; West Papua was annexed in 1963 . There was also friction within the Catholic groups , first over Sukarno 's 1957 decree that he was president for life and establishment of a guided democracy policy . A faction , led by Soegijapranata , supported this decree , while Catholic Party leader I. J. Kasimo 's faction was heavily against it . Sukarno , who had a good working relationship with Soegijapranata , asked the vicar to join the National Council , a request that Soegijapranata refused ; he did , however , assign two delegates to the Council , ensuring Catholic representation .
" The Yankees offered Taylor $ 300,000 to sign a minor league contract , the typical amount given to the first overall draft choice at that time . However , Boras advised the Taylor family that the previous year 's top rated high school pitcher , Todd Van Poppel , was given more than $ 1.2 million to sign with the Oakland Athletics , and gave up a scholarship to the University of Texas in the process . The Taylors held out for a three year $ 1.2 million contract , even though they had less leverage because Brien 's poor grades in high school prevented him from getting a major college scholarship offer .
The analysis would find an unexpected level of 226 parts per million ( ppm ) of lead in the crewman 's bones , which was 10 times higher than the control samples , taken from Inuit skeletons from the same geographic area , of 26 – 36 ppm . In June 1982 , a team made up of Beattie ; Walt Kowall , a graduate student in anthropology at the University of Alberta ; Arne Carlson , an archaeology and geography student from Simon Fraser University in British Columbia ; and Arsien Tungilik , an Inuk student and field assistant , were flown to the west coast of King William Island , where they retraced some of the steps of McClintock in 1859 and Schwatka in 1878 – 79 .
The two largest users of the Harrier were the Royal Air Force and the United States Marine Corps ( USMC ) . The exported model of the aircraft operated by the USMC was designated the AV 8A Harrier , which was broadly similar to the RAF 's Harrier GR.1. Changes included the removal of all magnesium components , which corroded quickly at sea , and the integration of American radios and Identification Friend or Foe ( IFF ) systems ; furthermore the outer pylons , unlike the RAF aircraft , were designed from delivery to be equipped with self defence AIM 9 Sidewinder heat seeking air to air missiles .
The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon 's shape in 1998 , but the images remain poor . In 1983 , Adrastea was officially named after the Greek nymph Adrastea , the daughter of Zeus and his lover Ananke . Adrastea has an irregular shape and measures 20 × 16 × 14 km across . A surface area estimate would be between 840 and 1,600 ( ~ 1,200 ) km2 . This makes it the smallest of the four inner moons . The bulk , composition and mass of Adrastea are not known , but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea , around 0.86 g / cm3 , its mass can be estimated at about 2 × 1015 kg .
On 13 January 2013 , the band announced that the album would be released in June under the title 13 . Brad Wilk of Rage Against the Machine was chosen as the drummer , and Rick Rubin was chosen as the producer . Mixing of the album commenced in February . On 12 April 2013 , the band released the album 's track listing . The standard version of the album features eight new tracks , and the deluxe version features three bonus tracks . The band 's first single from 13 , " God Is Dead ? " , was released on 19 April 2013 .
" Vedder later said that " the day that we found out about Kurt ... I was just spinning . I was lost and didn 't know if we should play , or if we should just go home , or if we should attend the services . I still have some regrets about that , even though in the end it was probably better that we played the last two weeks of the tour . I decided I would play those next two weeks and then I 'd never have to play again . " Pearl Jam was outraged when it discovered after a pair of shows in Chicago , Illinois in March 1994 that ticket vendor Ticketmaster had added a service charge to the tickets .
Early on in the school 's history , the Vanderlips decided to change the school 's system from the Montessori method to a more formal approach with more discipline , although students still had more freedom than the average school . In the 1930s , the school was considered progressive : students were not graded and were instructed to work at their own speed . As enrollment grew , another building was built for younger children , which burnt down in 1959 . In addition , a lunchroom , shop , and studio were built early in the school 's history .
" Back to square one again " , McAuliffe said at the time . The band decided to go back to their roots , remaining a quartet with only McAuliffe on vocals and going on a UK tour in November – December 1985 supporting Blue Öyster Cult ; their immediate goal was to play as much as they could and regain some of their fan base . In early 1986 , thanks again to Lemmy ’ s suggestion , they eventually signed for Doug Smith ’ s new label GWR Records , which also included in their roster Motörhead . The girls immediately started working on a new album with their old producer Vic Maile at Jackson ’ s Studio in Rickmansworth .
In 1932 , Whitlam 's father transferred him to Canberra Grammar School where , at the Speech Day ceremony that year , he was awarded a prize by the Governor General , Sir Isaac Isaacs . Whitlam enrolled at St Paul 's College at the University of Sydney at the age of 18 . He earned his first wages by appearing , with several other " Paulines " , in a cabaret scene in the film The Broken Melody — the students were chosen because St Paul 's requires formal wear at dinner , and they could therefore supply their own costumes .
Rivers were the main means of transportation and most cities were founded on them . This was especially so in North America , where journeys over vast distances of hundreds or even thousands of miles required months of hazardous , uncomfortable travel by stagecoach or wagon on rutted , unpaved trails . In the 1830s , railroads were being built , but the technology was crude and average passenger train speed was only 12 miles per hour ( 19 km / h ) . Perhaps more importantly , most early railroads did not connect . It would be many years before the various lines were knitted together to make intercity rail travel in the U.S. a reality .
Additionally , during this first term as mayor , Armstrong also oversaw the city 's festivities on George V 's coronation and moved to form a municipal purchasing department . Another issue presented to council during his first term in office was that of potential amalgamation with the city south of the North Saskatchewan River , Strathcona . Regarding the issue , Armstrong would gauge public interest as in favour of it , stating he was " satisfied that [ it ] would carry " . The particular issue had been in works as early as 1909 , when draft versions of a bylaw permitting the two cities to join where presented to each respective city council , but serious talks had not begun until this particular year .
He took on an operational involvement in The Cincinnati Enquirer , the town 's only morning newspaper . He interfered in editorial decisions , such as adding coverage to high school sports that he or Lindner 's sons were involved in . The paper was then sold to a group including his brother , William , who had been a Republican congressman from Ohio 's 1st congressional district in the early 1970s . Charles Keating was involved in American Financial 's 1974 sale of Bantam Books , and its decision that year not to enter the investment banking field . In 1975 and 1976 , several stockholder lawsuits were filed against American Financial , and Keating was under fire for aspects involving unsecured loans , stock warrants , and the sale of the Enquirer .
During the war , British test pilot Eric Brown evaluated many Luftwaffe aircraft . Among them was a He 111 H 1 of Kampfgeschwader 26 which was forced to land at the Firth of Forth on 9 February 1940 . Brown described his impression of the He 111s unique greenhouse nose : The overall impression of space within the cockpit area and the great degree of visual sighting afforded by the Plexiglas panelling were regarded as positive factors , with one important provision in relation to weather conditions . Should either bright sunshine or rainstorms be encountered , the pilot 's visibility could be dangerously compromised either by glare throwback or lack of good sighting .
While it is often weaker than most of its land counterparts , stronger versions spawned by mesocyclones do occur . A gentle vortex over calm water or wet land made visible by rising water vapour . A fire whirl – also colloquially known as a fire devil , fire tornado , firenado , or fire twister – is a whirlwind induced by a fire and often made up of flame or ash . Scientists warn that climate change could increase the intensity of typhoons as climate change projections show that the difference in temperature between the ocean – the heat source for cyclones – and the storm tops – the cold parts of cyclones – are likely to increase .
The added security of the prison being on water has prevented at least four attempted escapes . The barge is named in memorial for warden Vernon C. Bain who died in an automobile accident . In 2014 , the prison barge was named the world 's largest prison barge in operation by the Guinness World Records . In the late 1980s , the New York City Department of Correction experienced overcrowding issues in its prison complexes . The idea of temporarily alleviating the issues of a growing inmate population and dwindling space by outfitting prison ships was conceived under the administration of then Mayor Edward I. Koch .
dB magazine said the title of " Stumblin ' " , released as a single from These Days : Live in Concert after appearing on Vulture Street , was representative of the " classic rock clichés " on the album . Second single " Since You 've Been Gone " contained similar lyrical features to " ( Baby I 've Got You ) On My Mind " , but with a more mellow sound . Fanning wrote it following the death of his brother , to help deal with the event . " Sunsets " also dealt with this theme ; Fanning told MTV Scene " we write unashamedly about that emotional attachment " .
On his return against the Minnesota Vikings on November 11 , he sacked quarterback Tommy Kramer four times in a 19 – 7 win . During that period , Johnson teamed up with fellow first round pick Mike Butler to form one of the league 's most potent defensive lineups . Nicknamed the " Gang Green " , they became known for their ability to pressure the quarterback to force a sack . Prior to the start to the 1980 season , Johnson was notoriously fined $ 1,000 and required by then general manager head coach Bart Starr to apologize for eating a hot dog on the sidelines during the fourth quarter of a 38 – 0 Packers ' home preseason loss to the Denver Broncos on August 30 , 1980 .
Stenting involves the catheterization of the affected artery during angiography , and the insertion of a mesh like tube ; this is known as " endovascular therapy " ( inside the blood vessel ) . This may be performed to allow the blood to flow through a severely narrowed vessel , or to seal off an aneurysm . However , it is unclear whether the technical success of the procedure translates into improved outcomes , as in both cases the problem often resolves spontaneously over time . Stenting , as well as the insertion of coils by means of angiography , may be performed if there is an aneurysm and / or extension of the dissection into the V4 section of the artery .
Shoji 's right wing units did not participate in the attacks , choosing instead to remain in place to cover Nasu 's right flank against a possible attack in that area by U.S. forces that never materialized . At 03 : 00 on 26 October , Oka 's unit finally reached and attacked the Marine defenses near the Matanikau . Oka 's troops assaulted all along an east west saddle ridge held by Hanneken 's battalion but concentrated particularly on Hanneken 's Company F , which defended the extreme left flank of the Marine positions on the ridge . A Company F machine gun section under Mitchell Paige killed many of the Japanese attackers , but Japanese fire eventually killed or injured almost all the Marine machine gunners .
Dunstanburgh formed part of the barony of Embleton , a village that lay inland to the west , traditionally owned by the earls of Lancaster . The origins and the earliest appearance of the name " Dunstanburgh " are uncertain . Versions of the name , " Dunstanesburghe " and " Donstanburgh " were in use by the time of the castle 's construction , however , and Dunstanburgh may stem from a combination of the name of the local village of Dunstan , and the Old English word " burh " , meaning fortress . Dunstanburgh Castle was constructed by Thomas , the Earl of Lancaster , between 1313 and 1322 .
They , nevertheless , do not attempt to hurt anyone , except when they find someone before them , and , when hardly pressed , try to bite him . They have a small stump of a wing , which has a sort of bullet at its extremity , and serves as a defence . Observations of the Rodrigues solitaire in life indicate that they were highly territorial . They presumably settled disputes by striking each other with their wings ; to aid this purpose , they used the knobs on their wrists . Fractures in their wing bones also indicate that they were used in combat .
Despite the arrival of Roman reinforcements from Europe , he won another victory in 604 , while Dara fell after a nine month siege . Over the following years the Persians gradually overcame the fortress cities of Mesopotamia by siege , one after another . At the same time they won a string of victories in Armenia and systematically subdued the Roman garrisons in the Caucasus . Heraclius deposed Phocas in 610 after sailing to Constantinople from Carthage . Around the same time , the Persians completed their conquest of Mesopotamia and the Caucasus , and in 611 they overran Syria and entered Anatolia , occupying Caesarea .
The fort was sited with Lake Champlain to the east , with Mount Independence rising on the far side . Immediately to the south of the fort lay the mouth of the La Chute River , which drains Lake George . The river was largely non navigable , and there was a portage trail from the northern end of Lake George to the location of a sawmill the French had built to assist in the fort 's construction . The trail crossed the La Chute twice ; once about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) from Lake George , and again at the sawmill , which was about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) from the fort .
The phrase " purport to confer a benefit " was originally found in the 1937 Law Commission paper , and was used in the New Zealand Contracts ( Privity ) Act 1982 before it was adopted for the English Act . The third party must be identified by name or as a member of a particular group , and does not need to exist when the contract was made . This can cause problems , however – if , for example , a party ( party A ) enters a contract to have another party ( party B ) construct a building , and A later sells the building to C who finds that it has structural problems , C has no cause of action against B because he was not named in the original contract .
" When Leigh returned from the beach , she was bleeding between her legs , distressed , crying and seeking assistance . Some people at the party reported trying to console Leigh and find out what had happened to her ; Leigh " asserted she had been raped " , replying " [ NC1 ] fucked me " and " I hate him " . After witnessing Leigh 's complaints , Webster is quoted as saying to a group of boys " she 's a bit of a slut and why don 't all of us have a go " .
Smallpox is highly contagious , but generally spreads more slowly and less widely than some other viral diseases , perhaps because transmission requires close contact and occurs after the onset of the rash . The overall rate of infection is also affected by the short duration of the infectious stage . In temperate areas , the number of smallpox infections were highest during the winter and spring . In tropical areas , seasonal variation was less evident and the disease was present throughout the year . Age distribution of smallpox infections depends on acquired immunity . Vaccination immunity declines over time and is probably lost within thirty years .
Successively he petitioned the Foreign Office , the Treasury , the Privy Council , and Perceval himself ; in each case his claims were politely rejected . Defeated and exhausted , in May 1811 Bellingham accepted his wife 's ultimatum to abandon his campaign or otherwise lose her and his family . He joined her in Liverpool to begin life afresh . During the following 18 months , Bellingham worked to rebuild his commercial career , with modest success . Mary continued to work as a milliner . The fact that he remained uncompensated continued to rankle . In December 1811 he returned to London , ostensibly to conduct business there , but in reality to resume his campaign for redress .
The Lelwel hartebeest is a reddish tan . Coke 's hartebeest is reddish to tawny in the upper parts , but has relatively lighter legs and rump . Lichtenstein 's hartebeest is reddish brown , though the flanks are a lighter tan and the rump whitish . The Tora hartebeest is a dark reddish brown in the upper part of the body , the face , the forelegs and the rump , but the hindlegs and the underbelly are a yellowish white . The Swayne 's hartebeest is a rich chocolate brown with fine spots of white that are actually the white tips of its hairs .
The convection then moves east and toward the equator into the warm sector , parallel to low level thickness lines . When the convection is strong linear or curved , the MCS is called a squall line , with the feature placed at the leading edge of the significant wind shift and pressure rise . This feature is commonly depicted in the warm season across the United States on surface analyses , as they lie within sharp surface troughs . If squall lines form over arid regions , a duststorm known as a haboob may result from the high winds in their wake picking up dust from the desert floor .
Instruments also appear in art of the period , with a ceiling at Crathes Castle showing muses with lute , bass viol , fiddle , harp , cittern , flute and clavicord , similar to a mixed consort found in England in this period . Music also became one of the accomplishments of the Renaissance courtier and even royalty . James IV entertained his bride Margaret Tudor during their marriage celebrations by playing " the clarychords and lute " and Margaret herself had been taught the lute as a child . James V , as well as being a major patron of sacred music , was a talented lute player and introduced French chansons and consorts of viols to his court , although almost nothing of this secular chamber music survives .
" He denied that he had authorised any payment to Newton or to anyone else connected with the case . Newton met Holmes in October 1975 when , the former claimed , he was given a down payment on a fee of £ 10,000 . Holmes denied any such transaction , admitting only an agreement that Newton would carry out a frightening operation . Newton then contacted Scott , calling himself " Peter Keene " and claiming to be hired to protect Scott from a hit man . This seemed plausible to Scott , who had been beaten up a few weeks earlier .
Wenger , dismayed by the arrangement , campaigned for a purpose built , Arsenal owned ground that housed the latest training equipment . This was one of the " important decisions " he wanted to make for the club – " Without an assurance of that freedom and control I would not have stayed . " By February 1998 , Hertsmere Borough Council granted consent for Arsenal to build a training centre on the greenfield land , adjacent to a local school in the Bell Lane area , London Colney . It is situated adjacent to the former facilities at Shenley Sports grounds , which Watford Football Club use for training purposes .
In an interview with USA Today , English singer songwriter Elton John praised " Tennis Court " , describing it as " one of the most touching , beautiful things on earth . " " Tennis Court " debuted at number one on the New Zealand Singles Chart during the week of 17 June 2013 , becoming Lorde 's second number one on the chart ; " Royals " was her first . Spending a total of 21 weeks on the chart , the single was certified double platinum by the Recorded Music NZ ( RMNZ ) for exceeding sales of 30,000 copies there .
Perhaps because Thảo divulged the tour details to Vietcong guerrillas , each of McNamara 's stopovers was punctuated by bloody attacks on nearby ARVN installations . For example , when McNamara was in Bình Dương Province , five government soldiers were killed . As he flew from Đà Lạt north to Đà Nẵng near the Demilitarized Zone , he was greeted by a Vietcong bombing of a southbound troop train , which killed 27 and wounded 30 Civil Guard members . In 1963 , the Diệm regime began to lose its tight control over the country as civil unrest spread as a result of the Buddhist crisis .
A tour taken by local councillors and media concluded with an account that " chunks of masonry are falling from the ceilings on a daily basis ... the floors are littered with dead pigeons and ... revealed that the building is literally rotting away " . In October 2009 the Victorian Society , a charity responsible for the study and protection of Britain 's Victorian and Edwardian architecture , declared Oldham Town Hall as the most endangered Victorian structure in England and Wales . Plans to convert the hall into a leisure complex , incorporating a cinema and restaurants , were revealed in May 2012 with the hall itself being used for public consultation .
After the cyclone the Tongan Government requested and received emergency aid , from the governments of several countries including France , Australia , New Zealand , Japan and the United Kingdom . This was after the government had provided T $ 5 million ( US $ 3.97 million ) , or about 5 % of its national budget to facilitate the immediate start of emergency relief and repairs to essential services . During March 11 , 1997 , a shallow tropical depression developed within the monsoon trough near the Fijian Dependency : Rotuma . Over the next two days the depression remained near Rotuma with no preferred movement , as it started to develop further in an area of minimal vertical wind shear and good upper air divergence .
The 105th meridian west of Greenwich , the longitudinal reference for the Mountain Time Zone , passes directly through Denver Union Station . Denver is ranked as a Beta- world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network . With a 2015 estimated population of 682,545 , Denver ranks as the 19th most populous U.S. city , and with a 2.8 % increase in 2015 , the city is also the fastest growing major city in the United States . The 10 county Denver Aurora Lakewood , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated 2015 population of 2,814,330 and ranked as the 19th most populous U.S. metropolitan statistical area .
A tropical wave moved off the northwestern coast of Africa on August 16 . The wave moved west through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The wave moved across Central America and into the northeastern Pacific Ocean , on August 29 . Isolated convection with the system increased while south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec as the system moved northwest parallel to the southwest coast of Mexico . Once convective activity increased , the system was upgraded to Tropical Depression Sixteen E on September 7 while centered 659 mi ( 1,060 km ) southwest of Clarion Island .
Maryland closed the season with losses to Penn State , Clemson , and Virginia to again finish with a 2 – 9 record.Lester was fired at the conclusion of the 1971 season . Athletic director Jim Kehoe cited Maryland 's worst record in the ACC for two consecutive years and stated his goal of making Maryland a " nationally ranked caliber " team . Kehoe also said , " financial factors are a serious consideration , " and that home game attendance had fallen to its lowest point , which threatened the financial well being of the athletic department . Lester was replaced by Jerry Claiborne , who later went on to considerable success in the position .
President McKinley did his best to help Hanna , sending a letter to one Republican whose vote was doubtful , delivered by a soldier . On January 9 , newspapers printed allegations that Hanna had arranged to bribe John Otis , one of the Silver Republicans from Cincinnati . Otis alleged that he was offered $ 10,000 and was actually paid $ 1,750 . The individual said to have offered the money , a New Yorker named Henry H. Boyce , had met with Hanna adviser Estes Rathbone at least twice . Boyce denied trying to bribe Otis , though he did admit to giving a retainer payment to Otis 's lawyer , and fled the state when the matter became public .
Also in one video , he mentions " martyrs like Eric and Dylan " , almost certainly referring to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , the perpetrators of Columbine High School massacre . Through ballistics examination , law enforcement investigators determined that Cho used the Glock 19 pistol during the attacks at the West Ambler Johnston dormitory and at Norris Hall on the Virginia Tech campus . Police investigators found that Cho fired more than 170 shots during the killing spree , evidence technicians finding at least 17 empty magazines at the scene . During the investigation , federal law enforcement investigators found that the serial numbers were illegally filed off on both the Walther P22 and the Glock 19 handguns used by Cho during the rampage .
These claims are controversial because of the complicated Cross Strait relations , and has been one of the most important principles in Chinese diplomacy . In addition to Taiwan , China is also involved in other international territorial disputes . Since the 1990s , China has been involved in negotiations to resolve its disputed land borders , including a disputed border with India and an undefined border with Bhutan . China is additionally involved in multilateral disputes over the ownership of several small islands in the East and South China Seas , such as the Senkaku Islands and the Scarborough Shoal .
Baryonyx had many finely serrated , conical teeth , with the largest teeth in front . The neck was less curved than that of other theropods , and the neural spines of its dorsal vertebrae increased in height from front to back . It had robust forelimbs , with the eponymous first finger claw measuring about 31 cm ( 12 in ) long . Now recognised as a member of the family Spinosauridae , Baryonyx 's affinities were obscure when it was discovered . Apart from the type species ( B. walkeri ) , some researchers have suggested that Suchomimus tenerensis belongs in the same genus and that Suchosaurus cultridens is a senior synonym ; however , subsequent authors have kept them separate .
Uncooked durian seeds are toxic due to cyclopropene fatty acids and should not be ingested . Young leaves and shoots of the durian are occasionally cooked as greens . Sometimes the ash of the burned rind is added to special cakes . The petals of durian flowers are eaten in the North Sumatra province of Indonesia , while in the Moluccas islands the husk of the durian fruit is used as fuel to smoke fish . The nectar and pollen of the durian flower that honeybees collect is an important honey source , but the characteristics of the honey are unknown .
Ordinary fans bought debentures for between £ 1,000 and £ 1,650 each , which guaranteed the right to buy season tickets for at least 30 years , along with some other minor benefits . Four columns were built through the existing Main Stand to support the Club Deck , which resulted in approximately 1,000 seats having a restricted view . After opening the Club Deck , Ibrox had a capacity of 44,500 . When a new playing surface was installed in 1992 , Rangers were able to add a further 1,300 seats to the front of three stands by lowering the pitch slightly .
Sylvester says that Angelou uses the same technique in " Letter to an Aspiring Junkie " , in which understatement contained in the repeated phrase " nothing happens " is a litotes for the prevalence of violence in society . Hagen connects this poem with the final scene in her second autobiography , Gather Together in My Name , which describes her encounter with her friend , a drug addict who shows her the effects of his drug habit . According to Hagen , the poem is full of disturbing images , such as drugs being a slave master and the junkie being tied to his habit like a monkey attached to the street vendor 's strap .
Seventeenth century Rome , under autocratic papal rule , was perceived by republican Venetians as a direct threat to their liberties . Rosand has suggested that Venetian audiences would have understood the Poppea story in the context of their own times as a moral lesson demonstrating the superiority of Venice , and that " such immorality was only possible in a decaying society , not [ in ] a civilized nation " . Rosand concludes that the opera 's broad moral compass places it first in a long tradition of operatic works that embraces Mozart 's Don Giovanni and Verdi 's Don Carlos .
Healing spells and abilities restore a target 's HP and can be used outside of combat . Certain spells and abilities have added traits , like affecting a group of enemies or draining HP from a target . Each spell and ability has a finite number of uses , and once depleted the party must visit an inn to recharge them . Resistances and weaknesses are abilities that are active throughout combat . Represented by an " O " or " X " next to the related element or status ailment , they respectively give the user either resistance or weakness to one or more types of attack ; status ailments grant immunity against a particular ailment .
In the production process , Knowles assumed more control in co producing and co writing almost the entire album . Survivor hit record stores in the spring of 2001 and entered the Billboard 200 at number one , selling over 663,000 copies in its first week sales . The first three singles , " Independent Women Part I " , " Survivor " and " Bootylicious " reached the top three in the United States and were also successful in other countries ; the first two were consecutive number one singles in the United Kingdom . The album was certified four time platinum in the United States and double platinum in Australia .
P. fimbriata catches Euryattus females by mimicking the vibrations made by Euryattus males as part of their courtship , and this deception lures Euryattus females out of their nests . In tests , a Euryattus from P. fimbriata ′ s range recognises the predator and defends itself , while Euryattus specimens from outside P. fimbriata ′ s range seldom recognise the threat . P. fimbriata finds it easier to catch a Euryattus from outside the predator 's home range than to capture the same species from P. fimbriata ′ s range . : 416 – 417 This may be an example of an evolutionary arms race .
The district court found substantial equality as to all such factors . The lower court , in its opinion , noted that , in Topeka , " the physical facilities , the curricula , courses of study , qualification and quality of teachers , as well as other educational facilities in the two sets of schools [ were ] comparable . " The lower court also observed that " colored children in many instances are required to travel much greater distances than they would be required to travel could they attend a white school " but also noted that the school district " transports colored children to and from school free of charge " and that " [ n ] o such service [ was ] provided to white children .
Turnbull later announced he would leave Parliament at the end of his term , before changing his mind within weeks . He claimed that his change of mind was the result of his anger at the government 's decision to delay its ETS legislation until 2013 . He denied being interested in regaining the leadership of the Liberal Party , saying " I don 't think there is any likelihood of that I assure you " . Turnbull subsequently gave qualified support to Abbott 's climate change policy , arguing that while it was inferior to an ETS in principle , it was preferable to the government 's approach of delaying action until 2013 .
It is slightly more common in males than females . It occurs most often in autumn . Before vaccination , croup was frequently caused by diphtheria and was often fatal . This cause is now very rare in the Western world due to the success of the diphtheria vaccine . Croup is characterized by a " barking " cough , stridor , hoarseness , and difficulty breathing which usually worsens at night . The " barking " cough is often described as resembling the call of a seal or sea lion . The stridor is worsened by agitation or crying , and if it can be heard at rest , it may indicate critical narrowing of the airways .
In 2014 , the RNLI 's income was £ 182 million , while its expenditure was £ 149.6 million . The Institution encourages corporate partnerships , which included in 2014 Waitrose , Yamaha and Fred . Olsen Cruise Lines . There are 1,100 RNLI fundraising branches throughout the regions served by the Institution , many far from the sea , which may support a particular station , or a project such as a new lifeboat . The Institution estimated their volunteer network at 31,500 in 2014 . The largest regular contributor is The Communications and Public Service Lifeboat Fund ( known simply as ' The Lifeboat Fund ' ) established in 1886 for civil servants to support the RNLI collectively ; the Fund has provided the Institution with 52 lifeboats as well as other support .
Before working on the film , O 'Mahoney had been a United Nations peacekeeper in Bosnia and an attorney in the Netherlands , and had directed the 2006 documentary How to Plan a Revolution , which profiled two young activists who attempted to remove the Azerbaijani government from power by staging an " Orange " revolution . He had also worked for the BBC , Channel 4 , CNN , and PBS in Ethiopia , Iraq , Sudan and Colombia . Winter had previously worked for CNN , 60 Minutes , CBS Evening News , CBS Radio , The Christian Science Monitor and the New York Daily News in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Jordan and Iraq .
Murder requires an intention to kill or an intention to commit grievous bodily harm . If this intention is present but there are certain types of mitigating factors – loss of control , diminished responsibility , or pursuance of a suicide pact – then this is voluntary manslaughter . There are two types of involuntary manslaughter . Firstly , it may be " constructive " or " unlawful act " manslaugher , where a lesser but inherently criminal and dangerous act has caused the death . Alternatively , manslaughter may be caused by gross negligence , where the defendant has broken a duty of care over the victim , where that breach has led to the death , and is sufficiently gross as to warrant criminalisation .
" I Can 't Watch This " ( orig . MC Hammer , Rick James , Alonzo Miller , arr . Yankovic ) – 3 : 31 Parody of " U Can 't Touch This " by MC Hammer ; the singer laments the state of television . From the 1992 album Off the Deep End . " Trigger Happy " ( Yankovic ) – 3 : 46 Style parody of The Beach Boys and Jan & Dean ; about a man who has an exaggerated obsession with firearms . From the 1992 album Off the Deep End . " Taco Grande " ( orig .
Other new features include raked wingtips , redesigned main landing gear , and additional structural strengthening . As with the -300ER and 777F , the -200LR is equipped with wingtip extensions of 12.8 ft ( 3.90 m ) . The -200LR is powered by GE90 110B1 or GE90 115B turbofans . The first -200LR was delivered to Pakistan International Airlines on February 26 , 2006 . As of June 2016 , eleven different -200LR customers have taken delivery of 59 aircraft , with no unfilled orders . Airlines operated 55 of the -200LR variant as of July 2015 . The closest competing aircraft from Airbus was the A340 500HGW .
This specimen was described by Comte de Buffon in 1779 . Based on morphological features , the Alexandrine parakeet has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands , with new populations settling during the species 's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia . Features of that species gradually disappear in species further away from its range . Many endemic Mascarene birds , including the dodo , are descended from South Asian ancestors , and Hume has proposed that this may also be the case for all the parrots there . Sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene , so it was possible for species to colonise some of these less isolated islands .
The operating deficits are covered through subsidies by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications . The trackage and other infrastructure is owned by the government agency Norwegian National Rail Administration , while the rolling stock is owned and operated by the Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ) . The service between Stavanger and Sandnes operate with a fixed schedule every 15 minutes . Of the trains to Sandnes , half continue onwards to Nærbø , giving a 30 minute headway . One train per hour operate all the way to Egersund . On weekends and late evenings , there is a reduced service .
Following the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , he joined the Yugoslav Partisans and distinguished himself during the initial uprising against NDH authorities by capturing Mrkonjić Grad in August 1941 . Drenović subsequently led Serb chauvinist agitation within the Partisan 3rd Krajina Detachment . After some vacillation , he eventually sided with the royalist Chetniks and became a Chetnik commander ( vojvoda ) . In April 1942 , he was defeated by the Partisans and fled to Banja Luka , where he concluded an alliance with the Ustaše to fight the Partisans . He continued to oppose the Partisans until his death during an Allied bombing raid on Banja Luka in May 1944 .
Wagner also noted that " Harry Patch and Henry Allingham escaped death , but never the effect of that awful war . " The poem received a generally favourable critical reaction . Wagner called it a " moving reversal of history " , a " fine poem " , and " the latest in a noble line of work [ about the First World War ] that aspires to a kind of salvation . " Heaven said that it was a " poignant and beautiful tribute " to Allingham . It has been called " sombre yet supremely uplifting " .
Although later accounts of the siege claimed Vetch 's detachment was part of a strategic plan to surround the fort , contemporary accounts report that Vetch wanted to have a command that was somewhat independent of Nicholson . These same accounts claim Vetch never got to within range of the fort 's guns until after the siege ended ; his attempts to erect a battery of mortars in a muddy area across Allain 's Creek from the fort was repulsed by cannon fire . The southern force met with guerrilla style resistance outside the fort , with Acadian and Indian defenders firing small arms from houses and wooded areas , in addition to taking fire from the fort .
The most important event in M31 's history was the merger mentioned above that took place 8 billion years ago . This violent collision formed most of its ( metal rich ) galactic halo and extended disk and during that epoch Andromeda 's star formation would have been very high , to the point of becoming a luminous infrared galaxy for roughly 100 million years . M31 and the Triangulum Galaxy ( M33 ) had a very close passage 2 – 4 billion years ago . This event produced high levels of star formation across the Andromeda Galaxy 's disk – even some globular clusters – and disturbed M33 's outer disk .
The U.S.-aligned countries included : Israel , Japan , South Korea and the Philippines The neutral countries included : Austria , Finland , Ireland , Sweden and Switzerland . The former British colonies also included in the First World were : Australia , New Zealand , Canada , Singapore , South Africa , and the United States . Since the end of the Cold War , the original definition of the term First World is no longer necessarily applicable . There are varying definitions of the First World , however , they follow the same idea . John D. Daniels , past president of the Academy of International Business , defines the First World to be consisting of " high income industrial countries .
Some names refer to the plant 's size and shape : " shepherd 's club ( s ) " or " staff " , " Aaron 's Rod " ( a name it shares with a number of other plants with tall , yellow inflorescences ) , and a plethora of other " X 's staff " and " X 's rod " . The name " velvet dock " or " mullein dock " is also recorded , where " dock " is a British name applied to any broad leaved plant . Verbascum thapsus has a wide native range including Europe , northern Africa and Asia , from the Azores and Canary Islands east to western China , north to the British Isles , Scandinavia and Siberia , and south to the Himalayas .
Her articles were filled with vitriol against what she perceived as the " schemes " of Jewish organizers opposed to Zionism ; in a 1948 article titled " The Surinam Nightmare " , she " described ' diabolical plans ' to abandon Jewish ' guinea pigs ' to ' terrifying tropical diseases ' " . Eventually the alternative emigration plans were scrapped in the wake of the 1948 declaration of independence by the State of Israel . After the Inter American Conference in Baltimore , Silverman continued her travels in South America , and then obtained special permission to travel through England , Scotland , and Ireland to raise money .
The flight plans often made procedures for mutual control of procedures impractical , and they were commonly skipped . The commission was of the impression that Widerøe 's transition from an all Twin Otter airline to also operate the more demanding Dash 7 was not properly carried out , which had resulted shortcomings in the training and operating procedures . All checklists during the flight were followed correctly . However , the pilots did not elect a method of double control of the descent and approach , such as by using briefings and callouts . The pilots had several non compliances to regulations in their descent .
A deeper study of logarithms requires the concept of a function . A function is a rule that , given one number , produces another number . An example is the function producing the x th power of b from any real number x , where the base b is a fixed number . This function is written <formula> To justify the definition of logarithms , it is necessary to show that the equation <formula> has a solution x and that this solution is unique , provided that y is positive and that b is positive and unequal to 1 .
Its pelvis is like that of saurischian dinosaurs , but it has a bony acetabulum ( where the femur meets the pelvis ) that was only partially open . The ilium , the main hip bone , is supported by only two sacrals , a basal trait . However , the pubis points backwards , a derived trait as seen in dromaeosaurids and birds . Additionally , the end of the pubis has a booted shape , like those in avetheropods ; and the vertebral centra has an hourglass shape as found in Allosaurus . Herrerasaurus had a long , narrow skull that lacked nearly all the specializations that characterized later dinosaurs , and more closely resembled those of more primitive archosaurs such as Euparkeria .
What am I doing ? Hello ? " In reality , McDaniel recalled that she was overawed by Madonna 's big entourage who had come to Harlem for the shoot , hence she held herself from speaking her mind about the singer 's look . When McDaniel explained to the singer that she wanted her to appear edgy like Jennifer Jason Leigh 's character in the 1990 drama film Last Exit to Brooklyn , the singer was annoyed . Madonna had her hair and makeup re done and it was the final look for the video . Echols recalled that the first scenes shot were those of Madonna walking down Lenox Avenue .
Leeds Museums and Galleries , Temple Newsam House . Self Portrait , n.d. Terracotta , 63.5 cm . National Portrait Gallery , London . 18 March 1848 – 21 March 1871 : Her Royal Highness The Princess Louise 21 March 1871 – 24 April 1900 : Her Royal Highness The Princess Louise , Marchioness of Lorne 24 April 1900 – 3 December 1939 : Her Royal Highness The Princess Louise , Duchess of Argyll 21 January 1865 : Lady of the Royal Order of Victoria and Albert ( first class ) 1 January 1878 : Companion of the Order of the Crown of India 7 August 1885 : Member of the Royal Red Cross 10 February 1904 : Royal Family Order of King Edward VII ( second class ) 3 June 1911 : Royal Family Order of King George V ( second class ) 3 June 1918 : Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire 12 June 1927 : Dame Grand Cross of the Venerable Order of St John 11 May 1937 : Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order 3 July 1911 : Honorary Colonel , 5th Princess Louise Dragoon Guards ( which became 4th Princess Louise Dragoon Guards in 1936 ) 22 June 1914 : Colonel in Chief , the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders ( Princess Louise 's ) 15 April 1930 : Colonel in Chief , the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada ( Princess Louise 's ) 14 August 1936 : Colonel in Chief , the Princess Louise Fusiliers President of the Women 's Education Union from 1871 .
The more expensive grades of the Model 1897 were the standard , trap , pigeon , and tournament grades . These were the grades that were normally equipped with an engraved receiver and with checkered , finer wood . The less expensive and plainer grades were the Brush , Brush Takedown , Riot , and Trench . These grades were not given the higher valued wood or special designs . This is because these guns were designed and built for hard abuse . These grades stood a higher chance of being badly damaged so there was no need to put extra money into them for appearance purposes .
In 1962 , Verville was selected as a fellow of the Smithsonian 's National Air Museum . He was honored with ten Certificates or Letters of Commendation from the U.S. Armed Forces . He was an Honorary Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots and was named an Elder Statesman of Aviation by the National Aeronautic Association in 1956 . In 1961 , he was elected as a fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics . In 1991 , he was posthumously inducted into the Michigan Aviation Hall of Fame . The Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum established the Verville Fellowship in his name , which is a competitive nine to twelve month in residence fellowship for researching the history of aviation .
Rachel Dresbeck wrote favorably of the magazine in her 2007 book Insiders ' Guide to Portland , Oregon . The magazine was co founded in 2003 by Nicole Vogel and her brother journalist Scott Vogel , and began as a glossy magazine with a focus on the lifestyle of Portland . Nicole Vogel had previously been a vice president at Cendant Corporation , and had worked at Time Warner for five years and was a vice president at CNN . Scott Vogel had previously worked as a journalist for The New York Times . The niche market focus of the magazine was for " 25- to 65 year olds with household incomes of at least $ 100,000 " .
Based on satellite imagery , it is estimated the system organized into Tropical Depression Nine by 1200 UTC on September 11 to the south of the Cape Verde islands . Upon its formation , the center was poorly defined , with restricted easterly outflow due to easterly wind shear . After about 24 hours of remaining somewhat disorganized , the convection became more concentrated on September 12 as banding features and outflow improved . Consequently , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Gert , the seventh named storm of the season . After becoming a tropical storm , Gert quickly intensified due to the presence of an anticyclone aloft , as well as warm water temperatures exceeding 84 ° F ( 29 ° C ) .
In search of more permanent employment , Shackleton applied for a regular commission in the Royal Navy , via the back door route of the Supplementary List , but despite the sponsorship of Markham and of the president of the Royal Society , he was not successful . Instead , he became a journalist , working for the Royal Magazine , but he found this unsatisfactory . He was then offered , and accepted , the secretaryship of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society ( RSGS ) , a post which he took up on 11 January 1904 . On 9 April 1904 he married Emily Dorman , with whom he would have three children : Raymond , Cecily , and Edward .
Fielding 's ninth play , the unsuccessful The Letter Writers Or , a New Way to Keep a Wife at Home , ran for four nights as a companion piece to The Tragedy of Tragedies but was soon after replaced by The Welsh Opera on 22 April 1731 . The play followed two characters whose wives are busy having affairs and how they attempt to keep their wives faithful . The immoral characters are forgiven within the play and there is a lack of moral commentary within the plot . The tenth play and new companion piece to The Tragedy of Tragedies , The Welsh Opera , ran many times until it was expanded into The Grub Street Opera .
DALI 's actual alignment process requires a similarity search after the two proteins ' distance matrices are built ; this is normally conducted via a series of overlapping submatrices of size 6x6 . Submatrix matches are then reassembled into a final alignment via a standard score maximization algorithm — the original version of DALI used a Monte Carlo simulation to maximize a structural similarity score that is a function of the distances between putative corresponding atoms . In particular , more distant atoms within corresponding features are exponentially downweighted to reduce the effects of noise introduced by loop mobility , helix torsions , and other minor structural variations .
" I am treated by Mr. Dudley worse than by Mr. Danforth " , Randolph wrote , unfavorably comparing Dudley to one of the hardline magistrates . While Dudley governed , the Lords of Trade , based on a petition from Dudley 's council , decided to include the colonies of Rhode Island and Connecticut in the dominion . Andros , whose commission had been issued in June , was given an annex to his commission with instructions to incorporate them under his authority . When Governor Andros arrived in December 1686 he immediately assumed the reins of power . Dudley sat on his council , and served as judge of the superior court and censor of the press .
The service was created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 . In November 2006 , it was bought by Google for US $ 1.65 billion . YouTube now operates as one of Google 's subsidiaries . The site allows users to upload , view , rate , share , and comment on videos , and it makes use of WebM , H.264 / MPEG 4 AVC , and Adobe Flash Video technology to display a wide variety of user generated and corporate media video . Available content includes video clips , TV clips , music videos , movie trailers , and other content such as video blogging , short original videos , and educational videos .
Before dying , Kandori reveals that the Maki who has been traveling with the party is the " Ideal Maki " , a version of herself from the true Maki 's heart . Aki and a girl in white called Mai are also pieces of Maki , and the idealized Mikage cho was created by Maki , and brought into reality when she unexpectedly linked with the Deva System . The group must help Maki avoid Kandori 's path towards isolation and his current actions . The group manage to convince Ideal Maki to overlook her original self 's unconscious actions and join them in fixing the problem .
The family 's names and titles are given in inscriptions placed on either side of the children and on the horizontal face of the base . Seneb 's dwarfism is depicted realistically in the sculpture . It portrays him with a large head but small arms and legs . This possibly indicates that he had achondroplasia , a common form of dwarfism that most severely affects the fastest growing parts of the body – particularly the femur and humerus , which become short and squat – and stunts the forearms and lower legs . It also affects the head , producing a relatively large skull with a bulging forehead and often a depressed nasal bridge .
As he caresses the female in the dressing room , Carey sees them , and walks by them , bumping into him purposely . Additional scenes are shown of Carey laying alone on the dark runway , apparently after the show has finished , as well as preparing herself for the show . During the second verse , the video then shows Carey driving down a highway in the desert , and as she drives , past memories of the pair are shown , holding each other intimately in a bed . She then pushes old gifts he had given her into the passengers seat , and pulls over the car , continuing the scene from the beginning of the video .
The Emblem Editor is a tool set for decal creation . F Zero GX is the first F Zero game to feature a Story mode . Its story has the player assume the role of F Zero pilot Captain Falcon in nine chapters of various racing scenarios ; such as Falcon 's training regiment , a race against a rival through a canyon with falling boulders , attack and eliminate a rival 's gang , and escape from a collapsing building through closing blast doors . Each chapter can be completed on a normal , hard , and very hard difficulty setting .
Mario Party 5 received " average " reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic . Game Informer 's Andrew Reiner cited the example of coin redistribution in the game , which meant that " You could win every minigame and collect the most coins but still end up in last place " , when giving a second opinion of the game . While acknowledging issues relating to the waiting times during board games , IGN 's Peer Schneider praised this installment for relieving the problem slightly , specifically referring to the Mini Bowsers , who all take their turns at the same time in " Story " mode .
Since the 1970s , critics who have looked more closely at both her work and Burke 's , have come to the conclusion that they share many rhetorical similarities , and that the masculine / logic and feminine / emotion binaries are unsupportable . Most Wollstonecraft scholars now recognize it was this work that radicalized Wollstonecraft and directed her future writings , particularly A Vindication of the Rights of Woman . It is not until after the halfway point of Rights of Men that she begins the dissection of Burke 's gendered aesthetic ; as Claudia Johnson contends , " it seems that in the act of writing the later portions of Rights of Men she discovered the subject that would preoccupy her for the rest of her career .
Other key ideas such as the reduction of all life processes to biochemical reactions as well as the incorporation of psychology into a broader neuroscience are also addressed . Research in current philosophy of biology includes investigation of the foundations of evolutionary theory , and the role of viruses as persistent symbionts in host genomes . As a consequence the evolution of genetic content order is seen as the result of competent genome editors in contrast to former narratives in which error replication events ( mutations ) dominated . Beyond medical ethics and bioethics , the philosophy of medicine is a branch of philosophy that includes the epistemology and ontology / metaphysics of medicine .
According to Magnet magazine 's Bryan Bierman , " the hip , ' with it ' kids [ sat ] side by side with middle aged tuxedoed couples , expecting to hear ' My Funny Valentine . ' " Although he lived 15 minutes away , Davis arrived at the venue more than an hour late . When the band walked out onstage , he followed with his back turned to the audience . He casually strolled onstage while the band was setting up and began to play , to which they responded by playing a dense rhythm in unison .
The producers hired Brenton for his " radical " and " provocative " style . By the time he was hired it had been sixteen years since he last wrote for television . The producers from Kudos spent up to three months meeting several potential directors to work on the show , but none shared their views about the show 's style until Bharat Nalluri . The style the director used was inspired by Bollywood films , as well as American television . According to Wolstencroft , Nalluri " directs as I see . " Three directors were chosen , each working on two episodes ; Nalluri directed the first two episodes , Rob Bailey directed the next two episodes , and Andy Wilson directed the last two episodes .
Group 15 is situated immediately north of Group 13 and some structures are shared by both groups . Ceramic fragments recovered from the two groups have been dated to the Late Preclassic , Late Classic , Terminal Classic and Postclassic , with the majority dating to the Terminal Classic . Group 15 Structure 2 is a rectangular platform with a projecting stairway . It measures 18 by 7.2 metres ( 59 by 24 ft ) with a projecting stairway that measures 9 by 1.2 metres ( 29.5 by 3.9 ft ) . A few domestic ceramics were recovered during excavations .
Mathurin Jacques Brisson coined the genus name Raphus ( referring to the bustards ) in 1760 , resulting in the current name Raphus cucullatus . In 1766 , Linnaeus coined the new binomial Didus ineptus ( meaning " inept dodo " ) . This has become a synonym of the earlier name because of nomenclatural priority . In 2002 , American geneticist Beth Shapiro and colleagues analysed the DNA of the dodo for the first time . Comparison of mitochondrial cytochrome b and 12S rRNA sequences isolated from a tarsal of the Oxford specimen and a femur of a Rodrigues solitaire confirmed their close relationship and their placement within the Columbidae .
It remains unclear whether prokaryote genes are the descendants of an ancestral prokaryotic serpin or the product of horizontal gene transfer from eukaryotes . Most intracellular serpins belong to a single phylogenetic clade , whether they come from plants or animals , indicating that the intracellular and extracellular serpins may have diverged before the plants and animals . Exceptions include the intracellular heat shock serpin HSP47 , which is a chaperone essential for proper folding of collagen , and cycles between the cis Golgi and the endoplasmic reticulum . Protease inhibition is thought to be the ancestral function , with non inhibitory members the results of evolutionary neofunctionalisation of the structure .
They returned home safe . Eventually , things got to the stage where Angelina 's father forced Kevin to marry his daughter . Becca Badget of Yahoo ! wrote : " Kevin keeps to himself that he married Angelina to avoid a bullet from Angelo 's henchman . The guests are unaware that he married her to stay alive . " While this happened , Kevin 's mother Gloria Bardwell ( Judith Chapman ) was involved with Angelo , who had kidnapped and sent away her husband Jeffrey Bardwell ( Ted Shackelford ) to have Gloria for himself . On whether or not Kevin will ever love her , DeGarmo said : " I know she sure hopes so .
However , the people looked at were at relatively higher risk than most people who have never had a heart attack or stroke . Aspirin appears to offer little benefit to those at lower risk of heart attack or stroke — for instance , those without a history of these events or with pre existing disease . Some studies recommend aspirin on a case by case basis , while others have suggested the risks of other events , such as gastrointestinal bleeding , were enough to outweigh any potential benefit , and recommended against using aspirin for primary prevention entirely .
A. O. Scott in The New York Times writes that director Scott 's " professionalism is , as ever , present in every frame and scene , but this time it seems singularly untethered from anything like zeal , conviction or even curiosity . " Joe Neumaier writes in the New York Daily News that the film " aims to be up to the moment – yet feels same old , same old . " Kennedy called the love story between DiCaprio and Farahani contrived , saying that while DiCaprio seemed more at home in those scenes , it made the film seem " foolish " .
Will refuses , stating that Spears is a bad role model . He is supported by club member Brittany ( Heather Morris ) , who reveals that her full name is Brittany Susan Pierce and as such she has always been dismayed that she will never be as successful as the similarly named pop star . Will then discusses Spears with school guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma Mays ) . While in her office , he meets her new boyfriend , dentist Carl Howell ( John Stamos ) , who offers to talk to the glee club about dental hygiene .
Senior aides such as White House Counsel John Dean faced prosecution ; in total 48 officials were convicted of wrongdoing . In July 1973 , White House aide Alexander Butterfield testified under oath to Congress that Nixon had a secret taping system that recorded his conversations and phone calls in the Oval Office . These tapes were subpoenaed by Watergate Special Counsel Archibald Cox ; Nixon provided transcripts of the conversations but not the actual tapes , citing executive privilege . With the White House and Cox at loggerheads , Nixon had Cox fired in October in the " Saturday Night Massacre " ; he was replaced by Leon Jaworski .
The victory also allowed Ryan to become the Jets ' first rookie head coach to win his first three games since Al Groh did so in 2000 . New York went on to lose six of their next seven games save for a shutout victory over the Oakland Raiders , 38 – 0 . The team eventually recovered and won five of their final six games despite Ryan mistakenly stating the Jets had been eliminated from playoff contention following a loss to the Atlanta Falcons . The Jets defeated a previously unbeaten Indianapolis Colts — a game not without controversy following Jim Caldwell 's decision to pull Indianapolis ' starters with the Colts leading .
Body Language entered and peaked at number eight on the Swiss Albums Chart , and spent a total of 17 weeks on the chart . In this region , the IFPI certified it gold for selling 20,000 units . In the United States , Body Language debuted at number 42 on the Billboard 200 chart with " meagre " first week sales of 43,000 units . According to Nielson SoundScan , Body Language had sold 177,000 units in the US as of March 2011 . Following its release , Body Language was considered to be an example of Minogue 's constant " reinventions " .
Mining for lead was not profitable , however , and the works were abandoned . Red marl from the Triassic Period fills joints in the Carboniferous Limestone showing evidence of karstic ( cave forming ) processes during this period . Caves on the western and north eastern sides of the island were used during the years of smuggling . Flat Holm Lighthouse is 30 m ( 98 ft ) high and 50 m ( 160 ft ) above mean high water . It has a 100 watt lamp that flashes three times every ten seconds , and is red from 106 ° to 140 ° ; white to 151 ° ; red to 203 ° ; white to 106 ° .
The rock band Korn filmed a similar show , Korn Live : The Encounter , in June 2010 to promote their ninth studio album , Korn III : Remember Who You Are . The show took place in a crop circle in Bakersfield , California , and had no audience beyond the crew workers . Radiohead were noted for being fans of the film and regularly watched it when on tour . According to bassist Colin Greenwood , his brother Jonny made the whole band watch the film , saying " now this is how we should do videos , " Colin , however was critical of the direction , which he described as " Dave Gilmour sitting on his arse playing guitar and Roger Waters with long greasy hair , sandals and dusty flares , staggers over and picks up this big beater and whacks this gong .
There was consternation at the palace as the fire continued implacably westward ; " Oh , the confusion there was then at that court ! " wrote Evelyn . Working to a plan at last , James 's firefighters had also created a large firebreak to the north of the conflagration . It contained the fire until late afternoon , when the flames leapt across and began to destroy the wide , affluent luxury shopping street of Cheapside . Everybody had thought St. Paul 's Cathedral a safe refuge , with its thick stone walls and natural firebreak in the form of a wide , empty surrounding plaza .
In 2008 , Novak credited low US sales as being the result of a lack of new ideas and menu items . The Spring 2009 launch of Kentucky Grilled Chicken only resulted in a temporary halt to the sales decline . In 2010 KFC announced a turnaround plan that included improving restaurant operations , introducing value items and providing healthier menu options . In the same year , Advertising Age noted that KFC was losing market share to its smaller chicken restaurant rival , Chick fil A. In 2011 Bloomberg News referred to KFC US as " an also ran to McDonald 's Corp " .
It is set in common time and has a ballad tempo of 72 beats per minute . It is written in the key of D major , and Swift 's vocals span more than one octave , from the note of F ♯ 3 to A4 . It follows the chord progression of D – Bm7 – G D. Randy Lewis from Los Angeles Times commented that " Back to December " is one of two songs where Swift has first incorporated an orchestra on record ( the other being " Haunted " ) . The song 's narrative is in first person , and depicts Swift apologizing to a young man whose heart she broke .
The first approximation represents the waiting time until the first mutant destined for loss , with loss then occurring relatively rapidly by genetic drift , taking time Ne < < 1 / m . The second approximation represents the time needed for deterministic loss by mutation accumulation . In both cases , the time to fixation is dominated by mutation via the term 1 / m , and is less affected by the effective population size . The law of large numbers predicts that when the population is large , the effect of genetic drift is much milder . When the reproductive population is small , however , the effects of sampling error can alter the allele frequencies significantly .
This became one of the reasons for the Pixies ' 1993 split . However , the two appeared at the time to have resolved their differences : Francis praised " Bam Thwok , " as " a really good song . " despite joking in interviews about how he planned to remove as many of her compositions as possible from a hypothetical new album . However , Deal eventually left the band in June 2013 , before the release of the band 's next album , Indie Cindy . The band arranged and rehearsed the song in lead guitarist Joey Santiago 's Pro Tools home studio , which he had built for his husband and wife band The Martinis .
On 13 November , Malaysia 's Agent , Ambassador at Large Abdul Kadir Mohamad , alleged that Singapore was trying to " subvert " a 150 year old arrangement under which Singapore operated Horsburgh Lighthouse on Pedra Branca , which was Malaysia 's territory . He also suggested that if permitted to do so , Singapore would upset the peace and stability of the area where the island is located . He said that if Singapore reclaimed land around Pedra Branca , " [ q ] uite apart from the possible effects on the environment and navigation in the Strait , this could lead to potentially serious changes to the security arrangements in the eastern entrance of the Strait " .
” Roz Kaveney , in his essay " A Sense of the Ending : Schrödinger 's Angel , " praised the new Connor as a “ heroic youth ” . Writer Brian Lynch admitted that he did not love season four 's Connor , but that he " really liked him " in season five " when he came back and he was well adjusted . " Connor 's name is often mentioned with Buffy the Vampire Slayer 's Dawn Summers younger sister to Buffy Summers similarly created to give a strong emotional connection to the titular character . Four years after the cancellation of Angel , IGN included Connor along with Dawn in their list of classic TV 's cliché of ‘ Adding a Kid ’ as a last ditch effort to save a dying show .
According to Disney , 65 % of foreign grosses originated from five key markets ; Japan , Australia , Brazil , United Kingdom , and Spain . The film performed the best in Japan , where it took $ 4.7M from 350 theaters . Australia ( $ 3.4M ) , the United Kingdom ( $ 3.2M ) , Brazil ( $ 1.9M ) , and Spain ( $ 1.9M ) . By the following week , Tron : Legacy obtained $ 65.5 million from foreign markets , bringing total grosses to $ 153.8 million . At the end of its theatrical run , Tron : Legacy had grossed $ 400,062,763 ; $ 172,062,763 in North America , and $ 228,000,000 in other countries .
He largely immersed himself in his decades long work , in effect a multilevel historical narrative covering the history of the Danubian Principalities , from the foundation of Wallachia ( 14th century ) to the emergence of United Romania ( 1859 ) . Much of his interest , marked by what Georgeta Filitti calls " excessive accuracy " , was in reviewing the intricate boyar genealogies . He substantiated the various inheritance claims , and , in addition , painstakingly retraced the borders of Wallachia 's oldest demesnes . During his retrial , facing the possibility of execution , Filitti also turned his attention to the philosophy of history , reading profusely from Ernest Renan and Hippolyte Taine .
Theories that stress continuity often look at animals to see if , for example , primates display any traits that can be seen as analogous to what pre human language must have been like . And early human fossils can be inspected for traces of physical adaptation to language use or pre linguistic forms of symbolic behaviour . Among the signs in human fossils that may suggest linguistic abilities are the size of the brain relative to body mass , the presence of a larynx capable of advanced sound production and the nature of tools and other manufactured artifacts . It is mostly undisputed that pre human australopithecines did not have communication systems significantly different from those found in great apes in general , but scholarly opinions vary as to the developments since the appearance of the genus Homo some 2.5 million years ago .
From that day , the maiden was known as Ucchishta matangini . The Pranotasani Tantra narrates that once Parvati longed to go back to her maternal house for some days and asked Shiva 's permission to do so . The reluctant Shiva agreed on the condition that if she did not return in a few days , he would come to fetch her . Parvati agreed and went to her father Himalaya 's place , where she stayed for many days . The lovesick Shiva went to Himalaya 's abode disguised as an ornament seller and sold shell ornaments to Parvati .
This fort , built after 1640 , covered a bridgehead over the Guadiana river , thus guarding access to the city . A redoubt was quickly strengthened on the bridgehead by the Spanish sappers , who , protected by the Duke of Osuna and his cavalry , also widened the trenches which connected it with Fort San Cristóbal , the garrison of which was being strengthened every day along a strongly defended communication road . The Portuguese assault was thoroughly prepared . The plan was for six Portuguese squadrons under dom João da Silva to block the entrance to the bridge , isolating the redoubt from Fort San Crisóbal .
Groves was appointed to head the project on 17 September 1942 . Groves was also a colonel , and ranked below Marshall on the permanent list , although Groves was promoted to brigadier general before assuming command on 23 September . According to Nichols , Groves and Marshall " disagreed in a major way on how to handle personnel " , and Nichols " did witness several confrontations " . Major General Wilhelm D. Styer , the Chief of Staff of the Army Service Forces , decided that Marshall would be replaced by Nichols . Marshall would be replaced given an overseas posting .
She has a line of GK Elite leotards and grips and a line of pink gymnastics equipment from AAI . People Magazine claimed that Liukin was in a relationship with American figure skater Evan Lysacek in a February 2010 article , but Lysacek denied the rumors in an interview with Entertainment Tonight , stating that the two were just " very close friends . " In January 2013 , Liukin began college at New York University , where she is studying sports management and psychology . In May 2016 , she graduated from NYU . On June 1 , 2015 , Nastia Liukin became engaged to her boyfriend , Matt Lombardi , a former Boston College hockey player .
While the similarly discussed Star Wars prequel trilogy ( Episodes I , II and III ) was ultimately released between 1999 and 2005 , Lucasfilm and George Lucas had for many years denied plans for a sequel trilogy , insisting that Star Wars is meant to be a six part series . In May 2008 ( 2008 05 ) , speaking about the upcoming Star Wars : The Clone Wars film , Lucas maintained his status on the sequel trilogy : " I get asked all the time , ' What happens after Return of the Jedi ? , ' and there really is no answer for that .
Then , in September , Crosby refused to participate in the recording of the Goffin – King song " Goin ' Back " , considering it to be inferior to his own " Triad " , a controversial song about a ménage à trois that was in direct competition with " Goin ' Back " for a place on the album . Crosby felt that the band should rely on self penned material for their albums , rather than cover songs by other artists and writers . He would eventually give " Triad " to the San Francisco band Jefferson Airplane , who included a recording of it on their 1968 album , Crown of Creation .
Al Adil further encouraged Uthman to act in order prevent al Afdal 's incompetence putting the Ayyubid empire in jeopardy . Thus , in 1194 , Uthman openly demanded the sultanate . Uthman 's claim to the throne was settled in a series of assaults on Damascus in 1196 , forcing al Afdal to leave for a lesser post at Salkhad . Al Adil established himself in Damascus as a lieutenant of Uthman , but wielded great influence within the empire . When Uthman died in a hunting accident near Cairo , al Afdal was again made sultan ( although Uthman 's son al Mansur was the nominal ruler of Egypt ) , al Adil having been absent in a campaign in the northeast .
The entire church , except for its surviving crossing structure and offices , was dismantled stone by stone , which , along with the windows , were labelled and stored . " To assure permanence " in case of further earthquakes , the masonry was anchored to its thick , concrete reinforced walls . The stones were securely bolted to each other , " making the whole structure practically one massive hollow rock on a great steel foundation skeleton " . The tile floor was replaced with cork . The building 's crossing received a tiled hipped roof and an oculus , which lit the interior of the church , and was added above the renovated dome , which had a frescoed ceiling decorated with bronze designs as opposed to the gold leaf present before the earthquake .
Antonio died in 1841 without leaving a will . On his deathbed , he decided he wanted to reconcile with his son and , in a letter , offered Ygnacio several properties , including the 48,612 acre ( 197 km2 ) Rancho San Francisco land grant he had received . Unfortunately , he died before the letter was delivered to Ygnacio , but the son returned to the family homestead to administer the ranch anyway . Without a will specifying how the estate was to be divided , Jacoba Feliz , Antonio 's second wife who remarried after his death , filed a lawsuit to claim part of the land , which was the site the first recorded discovery of gold in California , sparking a minor gold rush in 1842 , six years before the more famous California Gold Rush .
From the strong principle of inheritance , any selected variety will tend to propagate its new and modified form . At the end of the book he concluded that : There is grandeur in this view of life , with its several powers , having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one ; and that , whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity , from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been , and are being , evolved . The last word was the only variant of " evolved " in the first five editions of the book .
By now , the Port of London had sustained heavy damage with a third of its warehouses destroyed , and the West India and St Katherine Docks had been badly hit and put out of action . Bizarre events occurred when the River Lea burned with an eerie blue flame , caused by a hit on a gin factory at Three Mills , and the Thames itself burnt fiercely when Tate & Lyle 's Silvertown sugar refinery was hit . On 3 March 1943 at 8 : 27 p.m. , the unopened Bethnal Green tube station was the site of a wartime disaster .
MacVeagh concluded , " You will please , therefore , proceed with the coinage of the new nickel . " The coins were officially released to circulation on March 4 , 1913 , and quickly gained positive comments for depicting truly American themes . However , The New York Times stated in an editorial that " The new ' nickel ' is a striking example of what a coin intended for wide circulation should not be ... [ it ] is not pleasing to look at when new and shiny , and will be an abomination when old and dull .
" He maintained a side interest in film , writing scripts and the screenplay for a low budget horror movie , Psycho Cop 2 . The movie 's producers offered Povenmire the opportunity to direct the film , but its terms required that he quit The Simpsons . Povenmire chose to stay with The Simpsons , which he enjoyed and considered a better fit with his future ambitions . Rif Coogan ended up directing the picture instead . Work on The Simpsons involved an irregular schedule . The producers laid off the animation staff for two to three month periods , and rehired the staff later in the production cycle .
Many of the locations in the film were used without permission , and most of the extras were people who were already at the locations . As the extras were non actors who were persuaded to be in the film , their actions were improvised . The film was shot in Belize , Mexico , Guatemala , Costa Rica , and the United States over three weeks . For about 90 % of the principal photography , the crew consisted of seven people transported in one van : Edwards , Able , McNairy , sound operator Ian Maclagan , line producer Jim Spencer , Mexican fixer Verity Oswin , and a driver .
In 1984 the law school established the Center for Dispute Resolution , an alternative dispute resolution program . In 1992 , the Collins Legal Center went through an award winning renovation and expansion that ended with a dedication ceremony with a speech by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O ’ Connor . In her dedication speech , O 'Connor advocated for civility among those in the legal profession and for avoiding personal attacks among lawyers . In December 2005 , the school 's moot courtroom was used for a real civil trial after the Marion County Courthouse was damaged the previous month .
Diderot 's main battery consisted of four 305mm / 45 Modèle 1906 guns mounted in two twin gun turrets , one forward and one aft . The secondary battery consisted of twelve 240mm / 50 Modèle 1902 guns in twin turrets , three on each side of the ship . A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats . These included sixteen 75 mm ( 3.0 in ) L / 65 guns and ten 47 mm ( 1.9 in ) Hotchkiss guns . The ship was also armed with two submerged 450 mm ( 17.7 in ) torpedo tubes .
Madeleine 's parents are both physicians and practising Roman Catholics . Kate Marie McCann , née Healy ( born 1968 , Huyton , near Liverpool ) attended All Saints School in Anfield , then Notre Dame High School , Everton Valley , graduating in 1992 with a degree in medicine from the University of Dundee . She moved briefly into obstetrics and gynaecology , then anaesthesiology , and finally general practice . Gerald Patrick McCann ( born 1968 in Glasgow ) attended Holyrood Secondary School . He obtained a BSc in physiology / sports science from the University of Glasgow in 1989 , qualifying in medicine in 1992 .
Devotees offer Ganesha sweets such as modaka and small sweet balls called laddus . He is often shown carrying a bowl of sweets , called a modakapātra . Because of his identification with the color red , he is often worshipped with red sandalwood paste ( raktacandana ) or red flowers . Dūrvā grass ( Cynodon dactylon ) and other materials are also used in his worship . Festivals associated with Ganesh are Ganesh Chaturthi or Vināyaka chaturthī in the śuklapakṣa ( the fourth day of the waxing moon ) in the month of Bhadrapada ( August / September ) and the Ganesh Jayanti ( Ganesha 's birthday ) celebrated on the cathurthī of the śuklapakṣa ( fourth day of the waxing moon ) in the month of magha ( January / February ) .
According to the Rio Tinto Group , in 2002 the diamonds produced and released to the market were valued at US $ 9 billion as rough diamonds , US $ 14 billion after being cut and polished , US $ 28 billion in wholesale diamond jewelry , and US $ 57 billion in retail sales . Mined rough diamonds are converted into gems through a multi step process called " cutting " . Diamonds are extremely hard , but also brittle and can be split up by a single blow . Therefore , diamond cutting is traditionally considered as a delicate procedure requiring skills , scientific knowledge , tools and experience .
These experiments are run at various concentrations of mesogen in order to analyze that impact . Lyotropic liquid crystalline phases are abundant in living systems , the study of which is referred to as lipid polymorphism . Accordingly , lyotropic liquid crystals attract particular attention in the field of biomimetic chemistry . In particular , biological membranes and cell membranes are a form of liquid crystal . Their constituent molecules ( e.g. phospholipids ) are perpendicular to the membrane surface , yet the membrane is flexible . These lipids vary in shape ( see page on lipid polymorphism ) . The constituent molecules can inter mingle easily , but tend not to leave the membrane due to the high energy requirement of this process .
He and Daniel played primarily on the Canucks ' third line . Henrik improved to 36 points in his second NHL season ; he finished with five goals in his last six games , taking his season total to 16 . In the opening game of the 2002 Stanley Cup playoffs , Henrik scored the overtime winner against the first seeded Detroit Red Wings to put the Canucks 1 – 0 ahead in the series ; it was his first NHL playoff goal . Detroit went on to eliminate the Canucks in six games en route to winning the Stanley Cup .
After the foreign forces left Finland , the militant factions of the Red and White lost their backup , while the pre 1918 cultural and national integrity , and the legacy of Fennomania , stood out among the Finns . The weakness of both Germany and Russia after World War I empowered Finland and made a peaceful , domestic Finnish social and political settlement possible . The reconciliation led to a slow and painful , but steady , national unification . In the end , the power vacuum and interregnum of 1917 – 1919 gave way to the Finnish compromise .
Sclerus met with their two leaders , Árpád and Kurszán , at the Lower Danube . Sclerus 's mission succeeded : a Hungarian army soon crossed the Danube on Byzantine ships against Bulgaria . An interpolation in Porphyrogenitus 's text suggests that the invading Hungarians were under the command of Árpád 's son , Liüntika . The positions held by Árpád and Kurszán at the time of their negotiations with Sclerus are debated by historians . Spinei wrote that Árpád was the gyula , and Kurszán was the kende . In contrast , Kristó said that Kurszán was the gyula and Árpád represented his father , Álmos kende .
On December 21 , 1981 , the Tony Award winning musical Dreamgirls opened at the Imperial Theatre on Broadway and ran for 1,522 performances . The musical , loosely based on the history of the Supremes , follows the story of the Dreams , an all female singing trio from Chicago who become music superstars . Several of the characters in the play are analogues of real life Supremes / Motown counterparts , with the story focusing upon the Florence Ballard doppelgänger Effie White . While influenced by the Supremes ' and Motown 's music , the songs in the play are a broader mix of R & B / soul and Broadway music .
Australia collapsed for 162 in the second innings , with the Surrey spin twins of Jim Laker and Tony Lock taking nine wickets between them . This left England 132 to win , something they achieved with eight wickets intact . Lindwall was unable to remove any of the Englishmen . The 1 – 0 loss was Australia 's first series defeat since the notorious Bodyline series twenty years earlier that had motivated Lindwall to take up fast bowling . Despite Australia 's troubles , Lindwall maintained his high standards , taking 26 wickets at an average of only 18.84 , as well as contributing two fifties for a total of 159 runs at 17.66 .
gave the episode three out of five stars and wrote , " I ’ m going to go out on a bit of a limb here and say that while “ Mrs. California ” was of course not a return to form for The Office , it was a good example of how the series might define itself in this new Michael less era . " M. Giant of Television without Pity gave the episode a B + . After viewing " Mrs. California , " Washington Post writer Hank Stuever named The Office one of the ten best TV shows of 2011 and said that the episode proved the series could still deliver cringe humor without Carell .
Rob Thomas was giving an interview and happily saying , ' Oh yes , and we ’ re very excited . ' " After hearing this news , Hearst contacted her agent and jokingly asked her when the agent was planning on telling her that she would be appearing on the show . Hearst was reluctant to play a character similar to herself , commenting , " I 'd never gone in and done as cameo as myself or anything , and I wouldn 't do that . Yes , the college is called Hearst … which I thought was funny , and it 's certainly not related to publishing .
A separate study of the three daughters , Emilia Mary , Maria and Juliana , was sold by the auction house Christie 's in 2012 for £ 121,000 . In the 1790s , Boucherett began to rise through Lincolnshire 's civic and mercantile circles , especially in the north of the County , where the family had their seat ; his connexions helped him to become involved with a group of businessmen planning to reopen and expand Grimsby 's harbour . His rise is charted in his appointments to several civic posts : to be High Steward of Grimsby from 1794 ( he remained as such until his death ) , succeeding Christopher Clayton , and to be High Sheriff of Lincolnshire for 1795 – 6 .
She bore him a daughter , Emily , in 1933 , and a son , Oskar Jr , in 1935 . Schindler later claimed the boy was not his son . Schindler 's father , an alcoholic , abandoned his wife in 1935 . She died a few months later after a lengthy illness . Schindler joined the separatist Sudeten German Party in 1935 . Although he was a citizen of Czechoslovakia , Schindler became a spy for the Abwehr , the intelligence service of Nazi Germany , in 1936 . He was assigned to Abwehrstelle II Commando VIII , based in Breslau .
He is one in many million . " Co Producer Paul Rabwin said of the episode " An instant classic . One of those seminal episodes . You know , when people talk about The Twilight Zone , they say ' Remember " Eye of the Beholder " ? ' Or " Trouble With Tribbles " on the original Star Trek . ' Jose Chung ' is going to be one of those episodes that is immediately revered . " Assistant director Tom Braidwood appreciated Charles Nelson Reilly 's presence , saying that he captivated virtually everyone and gave everyone a lift , nicknaming everyone on the crew .
Despite his personal opinion of himself , the judiciary as a whole felt that his mix of humanity and common sense was beneficial to the court . During the 1951 Long Vacation he broadcast three talks for the BBC on the subject of international law and its growth and gave a speech for the Law Society titled " The Lawyer 's Contribution to Society " . Despite his unhappiness with his work in the Court of Appeal , he worked until 1956 , when his long service as a judge allowed him to draw a pension . In his remaining time in the Court of Appeal , Birkett judged several notable cases , in particular Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain v Boots Cash Chemists ( Southern ) Ltd [ 1953 ] 1 QB 401 , and Entores Ltd v Miles Far East Corporation [ 1955 ] 2 QB 327 , where the court made a landmark decision on acceptance of a contract in relation to Telex .
Governor Macías ordered Captain Salvador Meca and his 3rd company of the 25th Patria Battalion from Yauco to head for Guánica . Meca and his men were joined by Lieutenant Colonel Francisco Puig , who assumed command of the Spanish forces at Hacienda Desideria two miles ( 3 km ) from Guánica . Puig arrived with two companies known as " Cazador Patria Battalion " , and they were joined by Puerto Rican volunteers , the Civil Guards , and mounted guerrillas from the towns of Yauco and Sabana Grande . Puig had the men positioned on both sides of the road that ran from Guánica to the coffee Hacienda Desideria ( owned by Antonio Mariani ) in Yauco , as well as an infantry company positioned on a hill south of the hacienda .
In his final year as an amateur athlete , he spent much of early 2008 battling a hamstring injury . However , he returned in April to win his third 200 m NCAA outdoor title , while placing fourth in the 100 m . Although his personal bests rivalled those of top professional athletes , Dix decided to finish his degree in social science at FSU , as his graduation in May 2008 allowed him to focus on the Olympic Trials thereafter . Over the course of his college career , Dix became only the second athlete to win three NCAA 200 m outdoor titles ( after Ralph Metcalfe ) and , with six outdoor NCAA titles , he is listed as the joint third on all time list .
The rock cut cave temples of the Rockfort , along with the gateway and the Erumbeeswarar Temple , are listed as monuments of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India . Considered one of the symbols of Tiruchirappalli , the Rockfort is a fortress which stands atop a 273 foot high rock . It consists of a set of monolithic rocks accommodating many rock cut cave temples . Originally built by the Pallavas , it was later reconstructed by the Madurai Nayaks and Vijayanagara rulers . The temple complex has three shrines , two of which are dedicated to Lord Ganesha , one at the foot and the Ucchi Pillayar Temple at the top , and the Thayumanavar Temple between them .
On 16 November 1912 , he was granted a commission as a lieutenant in the Administrative and Instructional Staff of the regular forces , then known as the Permanent Military Forces ( PMF ) , retaining the rank of honorary captain until he was promoted to that rank in the PMF on 1 June 1918 . Northcott was assigned to staff of the 6th Military District , the military district covering the state of Tasmania , where he was serving when the First World War broke out in August 1914 . His initial task was assisting with the raising of Australian Imperial Force ( AIF ) units in Tasmania .
The site was purchased by the government in 1978 and added to the then Anstey Hill Reserve . During the 1970s , part of the park 's area was earmarked to be subdivided and developed for housing . Significant opposition to this use , due to the land 's historical and scientific significance , came from the South Australian division of the Geological Society of Australia , the National Trust and the state 's Field Naturalists Society . The Planning Authority established the Anstey Hill Joint Steering Committee in 1981 , initially to prepare a concept plan for development of the reserve .
Galatasaray in response asked for the match to be played at a neutral venue or for Leeds fans to be banned from the match as well . In the end , Galatasaray fans were banned from the match . UEFA supported the ban and only 80 tickets were issued to Galatasaray for officials and representatives of the Turkish government . This led to an angry reaction from Galatasaray 's vice president who called the decision " Disgusting " and by the Turkish State Minister who said that Leeds were trying to turn the murders into an advantage . Leeds United chairman , Peter Ridsdale , responded by claiming that Galatasaray were showing a lack of respect and said that Galatasaray should withdraw from the UEFA Cup if they did not accept the ban .
He served under Frank Weston , the Bishop of Zanzibar , a staunch Anglican with whom Keable clashed : Keable objected to Weston 's unorthodox methods for training black African priests ; Weston , a vehement supporter of these priests , saw prejudice in Keable 's views . Weston was to inspire the " Bishop of Moçambique " character in Keable 's 1921 novel Peradventure . In Africa , Keable wrote his first two books : 1912 's Darkness or Light , a history of the Universities ' Mission to Central Africa , and the manuscript for City of the Dawn ( published in 1915 ) , a portrait of Zanzibar that " showed genuine religious fervour , as well as a characteristic sentimentality .
In support of the album , Hamasaki held the ( Miss ) understood arena tour , which spanned three months with thirty concerts , from Saitama on March 11 , 2006 to Yoyogi on June 11 , 2006 . Hamasaki 's first single of 2006 , " Startin ' " , became Hamasaki 's twenty sixth number one single , setting a new record for most number one singles held by a solo female artist . The subsequent studio album , Secret , was released in November 2006 . " Secrets " was , appropriately , the theme of the album ; the album also explored strong female figures , love , and sadness ; songs depicted the artist 's struggles and were written to encourage women .
He concluded for the album , " [ it ] hits you with recognizable hit after recognizable hit , and they are all pretty much as perfect as contemporary R & B pop gets " . Describing the album as a " masterclass in what happens when a great band comes together " , Yahoo ! Music 's Hattie Collins wrote , " Despite the low points , this is a Destiny 's Child must have collection of classics from one of R & B 's most significant talents " . A more mixed review came from Fiona Mckinlay from the website musicOMH who felt the album included many " skippable " songs and noted that the material from The Writing 's on the Wall and Survivor were the collection 's best .
By the time the Washington Treaty had been fully implemented in Japan , only three classes of World War I era capital ships — the Fusō class ( e.g. Yamashiro ) and Ise class battleships , and the Kongō class battlecruisers — remained active . In July 1927 , Crown Prince Takamatsu — Emperor Hirohito 's younger brother — was assigned to Hiei . From October to November 1927 , the ship underwent a minor refit at Sasebo to accommodate two Yokosuka E1Y floatplanes , though no launch catapults were added . On 29 March 1928 , Hiei departed Sasebo alongside Kongō and the battleships Nagato and Fusō to patrol off the Chusan Archipelago , before arriving in the company of Kongō in Port Arthur in April 1928 .
Since the old road would be flooded , a $ 14.8 million new alignment , much of it four lanes , was built around the west side ; the Western Pacific Railroad was also relocated to a nearby alignment . The double decker West Branch Bridge over the West Branch Feather River northwest of the dam , carrying the highway above the rail line , was dedicated on August 15 , 1962 . Three portions of SR 70 have been upgraded to freeways : north of SR 99 to Berry and Kempton Roads in the early 2010s ; south from Marysville to the State Route 65 split in the mid 1950s , extended farther south in the late 1960s and late 2000s ; and around downtown Oroville , built in the early 1960s .
Apu then goes to take the test , and because he originally knew a lot about the history of the United States , he passes the test and becomes a citizen of the United States . At a congratulatory party , Homer tells his guests how terrible it would be if immigrants were deported , explaining they make the United States thrive . He inspires them to vote no on Proposition 24 , but it still passes , with 95 % of voters voting yes . After the ballot is passed , the only person deported is Groundskeeper Willie . " Much Apu About Nothing " was written by David S. Cohen and directed by Susie Dietter .
The race restarted on lap 162 with Biffle in the lead , ahead of Kenseth and Jeff Gordon . By the 190th lap , Biffle 's lead was three seconds . Another round of green flag pit stops began on lap 203 when Truex made a pit stop ; Kenseth was the first of the leaders to pit the following lap . On lap 208 , Jeff Gordon became the new race leader after Biffle came into pit road . After pit stops , Biffle reclaimed the top position . On lap 220 , the third caution was given as Ambrose 's car suffered an engine failure .
He has made guest appearances on television shows such as Weakest Link , Mind of Mencia , Deal or No Deal , and MADtv . He appeared on the SyFy series Haven as a recurring character Dwight Hendrickson . In March 2016 , Copeland was a panelist on Canada Reads defending the novel Minister Without Porfolio by Michael Winter . Minister Without Portfolio was the first book eliminated . Copeland was born in Orangeville , Ontario , the son of Judy Copeland , a single parent who worked two jobs to support her son . To this day , he has never met his father or seen a picture of him .
Boletus edulis , as its name implies , is an edible mushroom . Italian chef and restaurateur Antonio Carluccio has described it as representing " the wild mushroom par excellence " , and hails it as the most rewarding of all fungi in the kitchen for its taste and versatility . Considered a choice edible , particularly in France , Germany and Italy , it was widely written about by the Roman writers Pliny the Elder and Martial , although ranked below the esteemed Amanita caesarea . sunt tibi boleti ; fungos ego sumo suillos ( Ep. iii . 60 ) ( " You eat the choice boletus , I have mushrooms that swine grub up .
The French news magazine L 'Express noted the audience " dropped like flies " during the heterografting scene . During the film 's showing at the 1960 Edinburgh Film Festival , seven audience members fainted , to which director Franju responded , " Now I know why Scotsmen wear skirts . " For the American release in 1962 , the film was cut . It was given an English language dub , and re titled The Horror Chamber of Dr. Faustus . Edits in the Dr. Faustus version removed parts of the heterografting scene as well as scenes showing Doctor Génessier 's more human side such his loving care for a small child at his clinic .
Cook named it among Davis ' best works and the culmination of the music he had begun to explore on Bitches Brew ( 1970 ) ; as well as possessing an " epic " sound and scope , Agharta was " a great band record " , in his opinion . " Even though Davis contributed only telling details , he still cued exceptional performances from his men . " Robert Christgau saw it as his finest music since Jack Johnson , an " angry , dissociated , funky " record built on the septet 's virtuosic performance , particularly Foster 's " guileless show of shops " and Fortune 's woodwind playing , which he deemed the best on a Davis album from this decade .
Stevenson thought this was a new species different from any previously described Limacella because of its larger size and amyloid spores . Austrian mycologist Egon Horak later transferred it to the genus Oudemansiella , but did not provide a reason for making the new combination . In 1986 , Pegler and Young proposed a classification for Oudemansiella based largely on spore structure , but they excluded O. macrospora , considering it a species of Amanita . Geoff Ridley examined Stevenson 's holotype material and reduced L. macrosporus to synonymy with A. australis in 1993 , explaining : The size , shape and amyloid reaction of the spores , the dimensions of the basidia , the presence of clamp connections and lamella margin cells indicate that this is Amanita australis Stevenson and easily fits into the concept of this taxon .
" Pérez arrived in Kansas City amid widespread anger over the departure of fan favorite Dye . Facing off against Dye in one of his first games as a Royal , Pérez took the low key approach : " I 'm just going to play my game . " Pérez finished out the 2001 season in Kansas City , batting .241 over 49 games . Pérez started at shortstop for the 2002 season but his batting average sank to .236 , leading sportswriters to question whether the rarefied air at Coors Field had inflated Pérez 's numbers . Pérez also may have sealed his fate by refusing to enter a late season game at the request of manager Tony Peña .
It is reported that nine members of MacIntyre of Camus na h erie were taken prisoners in the 1745 rising . In the early 19th century , the family was represented by the Rev. John MacIntyre , D.D. of Kilmonivaig . Badenoch : The MacIntyres of Badenoch are said to have been descended from a bard taken under the protection of the Clan Mackintosh chief at the end of the 15th century . The Badenoch MacIntyres were a constituent group of Clan Chattan , an alliance of clans headed by the Mackintosh chief which fought on the Jacobite side in the risings of 1715 and 1745 .
New Orleans detective Mitchell ( Kasi Lemmons ) is reluctant to investigate Binder 's disappearance until his charred body is discovered in the ashes of a derelict building . The death is ruled accidental , but Chance searches the ruins and finds Binder 's dog tag , which was pierced by one of the crossbow bolts . Van Cleef 's thugs suddenly ambush Chance and beat him unconscious to scare him and Natasha out of town . When he recovers , he offers Mitchell the dog tag as evidence that Binder was murdered . With the investigation getting closer , Van Cleef and Fouchon decide to relocate their hunting business and begin eliminating " loose ends " .
The United States has restricted her access into and out of the country during her career since the release of her debut album . M.I.A. notes that the voicelessness she felt as a child dictated her role as a refugee advocate and voice lender to civilians in war during her career . M.I.A. attributes much of her success to the " homeless , rootlessness " of her early life . Due to her and her family being displaced from Sri Lanka because of the Civil War , M.I.A. has become a refugee icon . The EMP Museum 's 2008 Pop Conference featured paper submissions and discussions on M.I.A. presented on the theme of " Shake , Rattle : Music , Conflict , and Change .
In addition to these concerts , The Black Mages made live appearances at two Final Fantasy concerts , More Friends : Music from Final Fantasy and Voices - Music from Final Fantasy , as well as another video game music event , Extra : Hyper Game Music Event 2007 . In 2000 , Square Enix employees Kenichiro Fukui and Tsuyoshi Sekito formed an experimental partnership to compose music for the video game All Star Pro Wrestling in a rock style . After the game 's success , the two continued to compose in the same style . In 2002 , Fukui and Sekito decided to arrange some of the compositions of Nobuo Uematsu , the primary composer for the music of the Final Fantasy series .
The main character in the first series is Firestar , a young kittypet who decides to join the Clans as a kittypet . In the second series , it wavers between the cats who journey to a young badger , Midnight , who tells them that the forest will be destroyed . The Clans have a hierarchical system , with different cats having different positions within the Clan . The leader receives his or her nine lives and leader name ending with the suffix -star from StarClan after he or she goes to the Moonstone / Moonpool . The leader makes all major decisions for the Clan , such as deciding when to wage a battle or promote a warrior .
The castle lies on the top of a steep hill called the Tor , and has been fortified since the late Anglo Saxon period . After the Norman conquest of England in the 11th century , William de Mohun constructed a timber castle on the site as part of the pacification of Somerset . A stone shell keep was built on the motte by the start of the 12th century , and the castle survived a siege during the early years of the Anarchy . At the end of the 14th century the de Mohuns sold the castle to the Luttrell family , who continued to occupy the property until the late 20th century .
Many upset passengers demanded refunds , to which the cruise line offered discounts for future cruises and a $ 40 credit card during their cruise . Winds of up to 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) in southern Baja California Sur left much of Cabo San Lucas without water or power . Overall , 2,000 people were directly affected by the hurricane . A strong storm surge produced flooding and heavy road damage in the state . Approximately 800 people were forced from their homes , and crop damage was reported . Generally up to 10 inches ( 250 mm ) of rain fell on land , though peak precipitation exceeded 13 inches ( 330 mm ) .
The monks then elected Stephen Langton , with Innocent 's approval . John did not accept Langton 's candidacy however , and Innocent 's consecration of Langton in 1207 led to an eight year struggle between John and the pope over the rights of the king to secure the election of his choice as archbishop . John refused to allow Langton to enter England and exiled the Canterbury monks . Innocent placed an interdict on England in 1207 , which John countered by confiscating the income and estates of any clergy who enforced it . Innocent went on to excommunicate John in 1209 , in a dispute that led to the exile of many of the English clergy and John 's imposition of heavy financial demands on the church in England ; by 1209 de Gray and Peter des Roches , the Bishop of Winchester , were the only English bishops not in exile or dead .
At 03 : 52 , the battleship was attacked by a large formation to the north commanded by Rear Admiral Jesse Oldendorf . First came 6- and 8 inch ( 200 mm ) shells from three heavy cruisers , Louisville , Portland , and Minneapolis , and four light cruisers , Denver , Columbia , Phoenix and Boise . Six battleships formed a battle line ; the Pearl Harbor veteran West Virginia was the first to open fire a minute later , scoring at least one hit with 16 inch ( 410 mm ) shells in the first 20,800 meter ( 22,700 yd ) salvo , followed by Tennessee and California .
With Argentina no longer in compliance with the conditions of the expanded IMF supported program , the IMF decided to suspend disbursements . At the end of December , in a climate of severe political and social unrest , the country partially defaulted on its international obligations ; in January 2002 , it formally abandoned the convertibility regime . The ensuing economic and political crisis was arguably the worst since the country 's independence . By the end of 2002 , the economy had contracted by 20 % since 1998 . Over the course of two years , output fell by more than 15 % , the Argentine peso lost three quarters of its value , and registered unemployment exceeded 25 % .
In 2012 , East Lake improved to 11 – 2 , but again lost in the FHSAA Class 8A region final , this time to Dr. Phillips High School on November 30 by a 31 – 21 margin . In the first game of the season , when starter Artavis Scott injured his ankle , Campbell stepped in at wide receiver . Later in the season , when the team struggled to get pressure on the quarterback , Campbell moved from safety to defensive end . As a sophomore , his tackle total declined to 56 , but his 764 receiving yards earned him 27 major Division I scholarship offers .
After receiving hits , the Bf 109 's hood was jettisoned and the pilot baled out . Several No. 145 Squadron pilots witnessed the victory . He had expended 278 rounds from P7837 's guns . The Bf 109 was one of five lost by Jagdgeschwader 2 ( Fighter Wing 2 ) that day . A flurry of action followed . On 1 July 1941 he expended 89 rounds and damaged a Bf 109E . Bader 's section was attacked and Johnson out turned his assailant . Firing , he saw glycol streaming behind it . On 14 July , the Tangmere Wing flew on Circus 48 to St Omer .
The HD Edition features some of the content from the Subsistence version , such as the third person camera , demo theater and the inclusion of the MSX2 Metal Gear games , but lacks the online multiplayer mode and the " Snake vs. Monkey " minigame ( due to this version also being released on the Xbox 360 ) . A PlayStation Vita version of the Metal Gear Solid HD Collection on June 2012 , which features Metal Gear Solid 2 and 3 ; this version of Metal Gear Solid 3 features limited touch controls to take advantage of the Vita 's touch screen , and compared to the PS2 version , the framerate is a more consistent 30 FPS , with less screen tearing .
Saintsbury secured a role for Chaplin in Charles Frohman 's production of Sherlock Holmes , where he played Billy the pageboy in three nationwide tours . His performance was so well received that he was called to London to play the role alongside William Gillette , the original Holmes . " It was like tidings from heaven " , Chaplin recalled . At 16 years old , Chaplin starred in the play 's West End production at the Duke of York 's Theatre from October to December 1905 . He completed one final tour of Sherlock Holmes in early 1906 , before leaving the play after more than two and a half years .
Produced by Rick Rubin , it was the band 's first record released on Warner Bros. Records . The musical styles of Blood Sugar Sex Magik differed notably from the techniques employed on the Chili Peppers ' preceding album , Mother 's Milk , and featured little use of heavy metal guitar riffs . The album 's subject matter incorporated sexual innuendos and references to drugs and death as well as themes of lust and exuberance . Peaking at number one in Australia , Canada , and New Zealand , and at three on the United States ' Billboard 200 , the album has sold over 13 million copies worldwide and was the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' introduction into worldwide popularity and critical acclaim .
In fall 2009 , Conrad collaborated with Kohl 's to launch her second fashion line LC Lauren Conrad , and was later expanded to include a bedding collection . In September 2010 , Conrad was to star in an MTV series that would have focused on her career endeavors , though the network chose not to pick up the program after Conrad preferred not to film her private life . In April 2011 , Conrad launched The Beauty Department with her hairstylist , Kristin Ess , and her makeup artist , Amy Nadine ; she later announced plans to expand the brand to include a line of cosmetics .
The office vacancy rate decreased to 10.65 % in 2012 from 12.08 % in 2011 , while the flex vacancy rate decreased slightly more , with a drop from 16.50 % to 15.02 % . Pfizer , once the city 's second largest employer , operated a large pharmaceutical research facility on the northeast side of Ann Arbor . On 22 January 2007 , Pfizer announced it would close operations in Ann Arbor by the end of 2008 . The facility was previously operated by Warner Lambert and , before that , Parke Davis . In December 2008 , the University of Michigan Board of Regents approved the purchase of the facilities , and the university anticipates hiring 2,000 researchers and staff during the next 10 years .
After spending years modeling and acting , Candice Michelle was hired by WWE in 2004 , after she participated in the WWE Diva Search . Outside of wrestling , she is known as the Go Daddy Girl , performing in the company 's annual Super Bowl commercials . She also posed for a cover and nude pictorial in the April 2006 issue of Playboy . At Vengeance in 2007 , she defeated Melina to win her first WWE Women 's Championship and became the first former Diva Search contestant to win a WWE title . She was released from her WWE contract on June 19 , 2009 .
Hix had previously created a mutton and crayfish for a festival aimed at increasing the use of the meat , and it was served at his London restaurants for a time . In the children 's book , The Lighthouse Keeper 's Cat by Ronda and David Armitage , the protagonist 's favourite dish is stargazy pie , and he is rewarded with one at the end . The name is used as the title of a 1975 albums by Cornish folk singer Brenda Wootton . American rock band The Silver Seas ( under their previous name The Bees U.S. ) also released an album entitled Starry Gazey Pie in 2004 .
Most of the construction funding will come from federal ( $ 62.5 million ) , state ( $ 37 million ) and city taxpayers ( $ 10.5 million ) , with approximately $ 15 million from assessments on properties located within the Downtown Development Authority . Broward County ( BCT ) has committed to operating the system for the first 10 years at an expected annual cost of $ 2 million , and has guaranteed funding to cover any shortfall in ridership revenues . The construction cost of $ 50 million per mile is considerably higher than other recently built streetcar projects , in part due to the challenges of building an electric transit system over the 3rd Avenue drawbridge .
Winnie runs the story , and Bretton James is exposed . The investors , including Steinhardt , promptly abandon Bretton and go to Gekko on the back of his $ 1.1 billion return as Bretton finds himself under intense legal scrutiny by the government . Jake has successfully reunited with Winnie in New York , when late one night Gekko appears and tells them that he deposited $ 100 million into the fusion research 's account anonymously . He apologizes to them . One year later , Gekko is seen at his grandson Louis 's first birthday party , along with Jacob 's mother and Jacob and Winnie 's friends .
McBride then held a contest to name the team in May 1945 ; " Cleveland Panthers " was the most popular choice , but Brown rejected it because it was the name of an earlier failed football team . " That old Panthers team failed , " Brown said . " I want no part of that name . " In August , McBride gave in to popular demand and christened the team the Browns , despite Paul Brown 's objections . As the team prepared for its first season in 1946 , McBride stepped aside and let Brown run it .
Daniil Kvyat was unable to set a timed lap as his team worked to solve an electrical problem . Qualifying consisted of three parts , 18 , 15 and 12 minutes in length respectively , with five drivers eliminated from competing after each of the first two sessions . At the beginning of the first part of qualifying ( Q1 ) , Mercedes sent both their drivers out on the faster super soft compound , while Ferrari stayed on the slower soft tyres . Even though Ferrari eventually decided to give both their drivers out on the faster tyres towards the end of the session , Sebastian Vettel aborted his last flying lap , believing his time to be sufficient for proceeding into the next round , only for Jenson Button to set a time to relegate Vettel into 16th place on the grid , eliminating him from qualifying .
Here , Miles realizes that he himself caused his father to order his mother and his three month old self to leave . Faraday theorizes that if " Jughead " – a hydrogen bomb that is buried on the island – is detonated at the Swan site by the underground electromagnetic pocket of energy , the timeline will be altered , preventing any of the group from the future from ever having come to the island in 2004 , saving everyone who had died after they arrived . The plan proceeds as planned , even though Miles expresses skepticism . The antagonistic DHARMA members engage in a gunfight with Jack , believing him to be an Other , and Miles , Sawyer , Juliet , and Kate come to his aid .
Most of the 4- and 5 year olds understood that Big Bird and the adults were sad . Most children ( 80 % ) were attentive during the episode . The parents interviewed had " overwhelmingly positive " reactions to the show , and that half reported that they had discussed death with their children after viewing it . None of the parents reported negative reactions from their children , either immediately after watching the episode or at a later time . Sesame Street head writer Norman Stiles was chosen to write the segments about Mr. Hooper 's death . The episode focused on the life cycle of birth and death by also mentioning the birth of a baby , and by remembering Mr. Hooper .
The Enhanced Fujita ( EF ) Scale was an update to the older Fujita scale , by expert elicitation , using engineered wind estimates and better damage descriptions . The EF Scale was designed so that a tornado rated on the Fujita scale would receive the same numerical rating , and was implemented starting in the United States in 2007 . An EF0 tornado will probably damage trees but not substantial structures , whereas an EF5 tornado can rip buildings off their foundations leaving them bare and even deform large skyscrapers . The similar TORRO scale ranges from a T0 for extremely weak tornadoes to T11 for the most powerful known tornadoes .
I had to write to him — he does handwritten letters , not e mail — and explain why I wanted to use some of his older vocal tracks on the album ... So after I wrote him the letter , he said I was free to do whatever because he knew what I was doing " . Scott Heron was credited as a producer for the album , along with Russell and Malcolm Cecil , a producer and engineer on Scott Heron 's past work . The original vocals had been produced and engineered at Clinton Studios and Looking Glass Studios in New York .
This stage 's map is identical to worlds 2 2 and 7 2 and upon entering the warp pipe at the end , the player is taken back to the start of the level , thus trapping the player in the level until losing all extra lives . Although the level name is shown as " -1 " ( note the leading space ) on the heads up display , it is actually World 36 1 . The game displays tile No. 36 , which is a blank space , to the left of the hyphen . The glitch occurs because passing through the wall allows the player to reach the warp pipes before the screen has scrolled far enough to activate the invisible object that initializes the warp .
Founded in 1948 , UUCA was the first Unitarian church in Washington , D.C. ' s suburbs . Throughout its history , UUCA has taken part in progressive causes from the Civil Rights Movement to the legalization of same sex marriage in Virginia . During the Civil Rights Movement , UUCA was the only Virginia church to speak out in favor of racial integration . UUCA 's sanctuary building , designed by local architect Charles M. Goodman in 1964 , is a concrete Brutalist structure that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and Virginia Landmarks Register in 2014 .
The PC port was less positively received . Turok was often called a " Doom clone " for its similarity to the id Software title . Douglass Perry of the multimedia website IGN compared Turok favorably to Doom , saying that the title distinguished itself from other clones by allowing a level of 3D movement not possible in its predecessor . The Australian 's Steve Polak wrote that while Turok was highly derivative , the game was evidence of the evolution of the genre , offering more graphics and gameplay options . Video game magazine Edge said that Turok contradicted the prevailing notion at the time that only Nintendo could create superior games for the console .
In response to the closure of local Youth Clubs and declining state support for local transport , the charity combats issues of rural isolation and provides young residents with recreational activities . St Andrew 's Church dates from the 12th century with a large 15th century pinnacled sandstone tower , a Norman font and a rood screen that is the full width of the church . In the church are several memorials to the Stracheys of Sutton Court together with a wooden effigy of a Knight cross legged and leaning on one elbow , in 15th century armour , thought to be of Sir John de Hauteville or a descendant , and possibly transferred from a church at Norton Hautville before it was demolished .
The dominant parties of the new republic were the Christian conservative Austrian People 's Party and the Socialist Party . Both promoted Austrian independence , and considered the idea of a " Greater Germany " an anachronism . All former members of the Nazi party were banned from any political activity , and disenfranchised . The pan Germanist and liberal " Third Camp " was later revived in the form of the Federation of Independents ( German : Verband der Unabhängigen ) , which fought De Nazification laws imposed by the Allies , and represented the interests of former Nazis , Wehrmacht , and SS soldiers .
Kawan Bergeloet contains twelve short stories or sketches written by Soeman , seven of which had initially been written for and published in Pandji Poestaka . The remaining stories were written especially for the new collection . The first edition included an article on Soeman , written by Sutan Takdir Alisjahbana , which had previously been published in the January 1936 issue of Pedoman Pembatja . This has been excluded from some later reissues . " Tjik Mat " ( Perfected Spelling : " Cik Mat " ) follows a young man named Mat who goes fishing by the riverside .
The band went on tours with Matchbox Twenty and 3 Doors Down as an opening act before going on their first headline tour that featured American rock band The Calling and American singer Michelle Branch . The song was written by Lifehouse lead singer Jason Wade . It was produced by American record producer Ron Aniello and was mixed by Brendan O 'Brien . When asked about the song in an interview with Billboard , Wade said , " It was the most uptempo , radio friendly song . We all decided it was the right choice to release it as the first single .
Ryholt further posits that the son of Sheshi and Tati was Nehesy , whose name means " The Nubian " , whom he believes succeeded Sheshi to the throne as the pharaoh Nehesy Aasehre . The nomen of Sheshi is inscribed on over two hundred scarab seals , which constitute the sole attestations of his reign . The number of scarabs attributed to Sheshi is paralleled in number only by those bearing the prenomen Maaibre , meaning " The righteous one is the heart of Ra " . Based on the close stylistic similarities between both groups of scarabs as well as their otherwise unmatched numbers , The consensus among Egyptologists is that Maaibre was the prenomen of Sheshi .
However , Luna broke her arm and Sherri left the WWF in July 1993 , however , forcing the WWF to change the match . Two reasons have been given for Sherri 's departure : her decision to enroll in cosmetology school and failed drug tests . As a result , Tatanka teamed with The Smoking Gunns and Bigelow teamed with The Headshrinkers . The Gunns and Headshrinkers were rivals in the tag team division but had no real storyline . The feud between Bigelow and Tatanka originated When Tatanka came to the help of Sherri , who had interrupted an interview with Bigelow .
The effects in the film were notably more intricate than the simple ones featured in Raimi 's prior projects , and contained mutilated bodies , stabbed body parts and demonic possession skin attachments . Tom Sullivan was one of the primary make up supervisors on set , and he found it difficult working presentable effects out of such low budgets . One notable example involved a chest stabbing rig that had to be attached to Spiegel 's chest by straps and duct tape . Campbell had to sleep wearing his make up . Because of several scenes that required to be shot in both the day and the night , it was considered easiest to have Campbell sleep all night wearing his make up , since removing it was too complicated .
We can put a president in the show . ' And a good one too . We 're going to give him a little credit at the end . " Even though Superintendent Chalmers was first introduced in the season four episode " Whacking Day " , the character had never been a central part to an episode . This episode marks the first time in which the entire episode follows Chalmers . In Chalmers ' flashback from his teaching days , the scene looks like the library of Shermer High School from the film The Breakfast Club from 1985 .
Alfonsín met with Menem and agreed to support the proposal in exchange for amendments that would place limits on presidential power . This negotiation is known as the Pact of Olivos . The capital city of Buenos Aires would be allowed to elect its own chief of government . Presidential elections would use a system of ballotage , and the president could only be re elected once . The electoral college was abolished , replaced by direct elections . The provinces would be allowed to elect a third senator ; two for the majority party and one for the first minority .
Sensing an opportunity during a weak period in the Chalukya rule , Dantidurga trounced the great Chalukyan " Karnatabala " ( power of Karnata ) . Having overthrown the Chalukyas , the Rashtrakutas made Manyakheta their capital ( modern Malkhed in Gulbarga district ) . Although the origins of the early Rashtrakuta ruling families in central India and the Deccan in the 6th and 7th centuries is controversial , during the eighth through the tenth centuries they emphasised the importance of the Kannada language in conjunction with Sanskrit in their administration . Rashtrakuta inscriptions are in Kannada and Sanskrit only .
Initially , Monteverdi had little enthusiasm for Le nozze di Tetide , and sought ways of avoiding or delaying work on it . He would accept the commission , he informed Striggio on 9 December 1616 , because it was the wish of his feudal lord the duke . However , the verses he was given were not , he felt , conducive to beautiful music . He found the tale difficult to understand , and did not think he could be inspired by it . In any event he was occupied for most of December in writing a Christmas Eve mass for St Mark 's .
While his interpretation of hadrosaurids as terrestrial animals has been generally accepted , the Senckenberg plant fossils remain equivocal . Kenneth Carpenter has suggested that they may actually represent the gut contents of a starving animal , instead of a typical diet . Other authors have noted that because the plant fossils were removed from their original context in the specimen and were heavily prepared , it is no longer possible to follow up on the original work , leaving open the possibility that the plants were washed in debris . The diet and physiology of Edmontosaurus have been probed by using stable isotopes of carbon and oxygen as recorded in tooth enamel .
It was written by actor Paul Lieberstein and directed by Lost series creator J. J. Abrams , his first such credit for The Office . NBC hired Abrams and Joss Whedon to each direct an episode during their February sweeps week . Michael Patrick McGill , Dan Cole , Owen Daniels , and Jean Villepique guest starred . In the episode , Michael , Dwight , Jim and Karen attend a cocktail party at CFO David Wallace 's house . While there , Michael and Jan make their relationship public , Karen makes Jim uncomfortable by pointing out all of her ex boyfriends in attendance , and Dwight inspects the home .
Liverpool was the ninth highest earning football club in the world for 2013 – 14 , with an annual revenue of € 306 million , and the world 's eighth most valuable football club in 2015 , valued at $ 982 million . The club holds many long standing rivalries , most notably the North West Derby against Manchester United and the Merseyside derby with Everton . The club 's supporters have been involved in two major tragedies . The first was the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985 , where escaping fans were pressed against a collapsing wall in the Heysel Stadium , with 39 people — mostly Italians and Juventus fans — losing their lives , after which English clubs were given a five year ban from European competition .
The two men escaped out the back of the shop while their guard waited at the front counter . Wiesenthal did not mention either of these events — or Kohlrautz 's part in them — when testifying to American investigators in May 1945 , or in an affidavit he made in August 1954 about his wartime persecutions , and researcher Guy Walters questions their authenticity . Wiesenthal variously reported that Kohlrautz was killed on the Soviet Front in 1944 or in the Battle of Berlin on 19 April 1945 . After several days in hiding , Scheiman rejoined his wife , and Wiesenthal was taken by members of the underground to the nearby village of Kulparkow , where he remained until the end of 1943 .
Kariya also received Hockey East First All Star Team honours alongside teammates Jim Montgomery , Chris Imes and Mike Dunham . Nationally , Kariya was recognized with the Hobey Baker Award as the NCAA 's top player , becoming the first freshman in history to earn the distinction . During the Black Bears ' playoff run , Head Coach Shawn Walsh heralded him as one of the top three college players all time . Kariya 's efforts led Maine to a record of 42 wins , one loss and two ties , en route to the Lamoriello Trophy as the Hockey East 's playoff champion and the NCAA title as the country 's top college team .
Hōshō 's designed speed was reduced to 25 knots ( 46 km / h ; 29 mph ) , based on British experiences during World War I. Hōshō was completed with an overall length of 168.25 meters ( 552 ft 0 in ) . She had a beam of 17.98 meters ( 59 ft 0 in ) and a mean draft of 6.17 meters ( 20 ft 3 in ) . The ship displaced 7,470 long tons ( 7,590 t ) at standard load , and 9,494 long tons ( 9,646 t ) at normal load . Her crew totaled 512 officers and men .
At the event , Edge retained the title by pinning Cena after he hit him in the back of the head with a pair of brass knuckles when the referee was not looking . The night after SummerSlam , Lita disposed of Cena 's customized " spinner " belt into the Long Island Sound at Edge 's command , who declared it the end of the " Cena era " in his life . Edge later unveiled the new " Rated R " version of the belt . Cena , however , interfered in Edge 's match with a returning Jeff Hardy later that night , chasing him down to the outside of the building , assaulting him , and tossing Edge into the Long Island Sound .
] When I released Church Clothes earlier this year , it was the precursor of what 's come with this album . It introduced my music to new audiences , allowing me to impact others . " Lecrae stated in an exclusive video with AllHipHop that after recording Church Clothes in March , he was on the road before beginning recording for Gravity in May . In an article by SOHH , Lecrae revealed that he had started work on the album in February , then wrapped up recording during the mid year . The album was recorded over the next couple months at Music House Studios in Atlanta , Georgia .
Burdette terms Barber 's designs , " typically mediocre imitations of the current French style — hardly better than the arcane seated Liberty type they replaced " . Art historian Cornelius Vermeule , in his work on U.S. coins , took a more positive view of Barber 's coinage , " the last word as to their aesthetic merits has yet to be written . Little admired or collected for more than three generations after their appearance [ writing in 1971 ] , these essentially conservative but most dignified coins have suddenly become extremely popular with collectors " . Vermeule argued that " the designs of Barber 's coins were more attuned to the times than he perhaps realized .
Support for the Xbox , a variant IA 32 architecture , was added through the use of an architecture specific HAL , although this , along with a port to PowerPC , are no longer actively maintained . While ReactOS has the aim to build a Windows compatible kernel as open source software , much of the surrounding required functionality to create a complete OS is already available in the greater open source ecosystem . When available and possible , ReactOS therefore builds on and collaborates with already existing open source projects . Wayaround , projects like Wine , Captive NTFS or Longene re use the open source ReactOS code base as well .
When Lee strayed too far from his army on December 12 , his exposed position was betrayed by Loyalists , and a British company led by Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton surrounded the inn where he was staying and took him prisoner . Lee 's command was taken over by John Sullivan , who finished marching the army to Washington 's camp across the river from Trenton . The capture of Lee resulted an important point in negotiations between the sides concerning the treatment of prisoners . Since Lee had previously served in the British Army , he was treated as a deserter , and threatened with military punishments appropriate to that charge .
" Wave of Sorrow ( Birdland ) " is a completed version of the demo " Birdland " , and " Drunk Chicken / America " features an excerpt of Allen Ginsberg 's recitation of his poem , " America " . The bonus DVD features live concert footage , a documentary , and two music videos . The disc includes Live from Paris , an 85 minute concert from 4 July 1987 that was originally broadcast on British television in celebration of the 25th anniversary of Island Records . It was later released as a live album through the iTunes Store in July 2008 ; three cover songs are excluded from both releases of the concert .
The inquiry heard that Arthurworrey was overworked , taking on more cases than guidelines allow . Carole Baptiste , Arthurworrey 's first supervisor , initially refused to attend the hearings , but subsequently gave vague responses to the inquiry , and said that she had been suffering from mental illness at the time . Baptiste 's own child was taken into care a few months before Climbié 's death . Arthurworrey said that , in their meetings , Baptiste spent most of the time discussing " her experiences as a black woman and her relationship with God " , rather than child protection cases , and that she was frequently absent .
An analysis of the team 's mechanical problems further suggested that there was a critical fault in the internal combustion chamber that was having a residual effect on the other components by placing undue stress on them , and an inefficient MGU H that was using energy faster than it could be harvested with the net effect that the engine would lose up to 160 bhp ( 120 kW ) halfway through a lap . During the race , the car was observed to be harvesting energy at the top of the Kemmel Straight — the fastest point on the circuit — while other cars were deploying their energy at the same place .
In contrast , the portrayal of the mythos in Type 0 was praised by RPG Site 's Erren Van Duine in an import review of the title , with him saying that " elements such as l 'Cie and fal 'Cie are handled in much more interesting ways " . Final Fantasy XIII was positively received in Japanese magazines , garnering exceptionally high scores from both Famitsu and Dengeki PlayStation . In the west , the game was praised for its graphics , battle system , and music , but opinions were mixed about its story and it was criticized for its highly linear structure .
She developed the new technique of autoradiography while working for the United States Atomic Energy Commission at the University of Rochester in Rochester , New York . On returning to Denmark , she worked with the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen to develop radiocarbon dating equipment . This was put to the test in 1951 , dating the Grauballe Man . Autoradiography was then used by the Finsen Institute to investigate the effects of the radiocontrast agent thorotrast . Levi was a consultant at the Danish National Board of Health from 1952 to 1970 . Levi retired from the Zoophysiological Laboratory in 1979 , but became involved with the Niels Bohr Archive , where she collected papers from de Hevesy .
A secondary dual purpose armament of eight 5 inch ( 127 mm ) guns was also projected to be carried for defense against enemy torpedo boats and aircraft . In 1934 , another design for a flight deck cruiser was proposed , featuring twelve 6 in ( 152 mm ) guns , mounted forwards and aft with a 200 foot ( 61 m ) flight deck in between ; while a 1939 revival of the concept proposed two triple turrets , fore and aft , again with an amidships flight deck . In December 1939 , a design for a much larger flight deck cruiser , displacing 12,000 tons , was proposed , fitted with two catapults , a triple turret for 8 inch ( 203 mm ) guns , and a 420 foot ( 130 m ) flight deck ; by January 1940 the design had been shrunk to a flight deck 390 feet ( 120 m ) in length and two triple 6 in ( 152 mm ) guns for main armament .
Berries and other soft fruit are preferred , and figs are particularly important for birds preparing to migrate . This predilection gives rise to the Italian beccafico ( fig pecker ) and Portuguese felosa das figueiras ( fig tree warbler ) as names for this species . On this diet a bird can gain weight quickly and the liver increases the rate at which it produces fatty acids for storage in adipose tissue . In Africa , the warbler eats insects as well as berries , and the fruits of the introduced Spanish flag is a favourite where present . An increase in body mass occurs again before the northward migration , birds fattening even more rapidly than prior to their southward journey .
The new column , " This , Our Town , " was assigned to Watson . Watson 's new column quickly broadened its scope to cover all aspects of life in Seattle . In 1959 it was rechristened " This , Our City . " By 1962 , the column , primarily a " three dot " compilation of short items , was running five days a week . When a particular issue caught his attention , Watson would produce a longer , essay style column . It was these essay style columns that provided most of the fodder for his 1993 book , My Life in Print .
Godin and Peter Lerangis , under the pseudonym " A. L. Singer " , wrote the novelization . As with the other Worlds of Power books , the amount of violence present in the video game was toned down in the novelization , because Godin and Scholastic were concerned that some of the material in the video game was inappropriate for a young audience . The novel did not strictly adhere to the game 's storyline ; for instance , the ending was changed so that Ryu 's father survived . Ryu 's father remained alive in the story because Godin believed that the revised ending was consistent with the Worlds of Power character and as real life fathers Godin and Lerangis felt reluctance to leave Ryu without a father .
Philip Morris issued a response to the segment , which received some criticism . The " Tobacco " segment received widespread media coverage , with several outlets praising Oliver 's ability to launch successful marketing campaigns and change perceptions about smoking through the creation of the mascot . Jeff later appeared at a protest organized by the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids in New York City in May 2015 . " Tobacco " is an eighteen minute segment about the tobacco industry , delivered by John Oliver during the February 15 , 2015 episode of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver .
He fully embraced Yorkshire 's hard edged competitiveness in the early 1920s : he questioned the decisions of umpires and sledged opposing batsmen , both of which were unusual at the time . His Times obituary noted that some disagreements came because Waddington played to win and was an enthusiastic appealer , although he was unlikely to win many appeals for leg before wicket because of the angle at which he bowled . Anthony Woodhouse , the cricket historian , describes Waddington as a " wild and irresponsible ... quick tempered individual " . But there was another side to his personality ; he was a good talker and liked to wear smart clothes , including monogrammed silk shirts .
According to political scientist Taras Kuzio the summit showed that Georgia rapidly moved ahead of Ukraine in its drive to join NATO , even though it joined the Intensified Dialogue program a year later than Ukraine , because president of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko failed to support a pro Western Orange revolution coalition following the Ukraine 's parliamentary elections of March 2006 . In other words , Ukraine showed more ambivalence in its desire to join NATO , whereas in Georgia the pro Western Rose Revolution coalition remained united . NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer announced that the NATO Response Force was finally fully operational since all capabilities necessary were in place .
Flight testing began with the first flight of the second AH 56 ( s / n 66 8827 ) in September 1967 . During early flight tests , a rotor instability issue was discovered when the aircraft was flying at low altitude in ground effect . As the flight envelope was expanded , this instability and other minor problems were discovered and quickly addressed . Lockheed and the Army held a 13 minute demonstration " first flight " for the public at the Van Nuys Airport on 12 December 1967 . During the flight , the Cheyenne demonstrated some of the new capabilities brought about by the thrusting propeller ; the helicopter could slow down or accelerate without pitching the nose up or down , as well as being able to pitch the nose down or up at a hover , without causing the aircraft to accelerate forwards or backwards .
Its history of British dominance meant that Australia was " grounded in British culture and political traditions that had been transported to the Australian colonies in the nineteenth century and become part of colonial culture and politics " . Australia maintains the Westminster system of Parliamentary Government and Elizabeth II as Queen of Australia . Until 1987 , the national status of Australian citizens was formally described as " British Subject : Citizen of Australia " . Britons continue to make up a substantial proportion of immigrants . The people of the British overseas territories are British by citizenship , via origins or naturalisation .
Shortly after the match began , Phoenix threw Brooke over the top rope . Soon after , Hall eliminated Maria and Layla was thrown out by Melina . Kristal then eliminated Victoria , but was then thrown over the ropes by James and accidentally knocked off the apron by McCool . Shortly after , Phoenix and Hall eliminated Kelly , and Hall and James began pulling each other over the ropes . Wilson threw Hall out to the floor whilst Melina knocked James off the apron . McCool and Wilson then worked together to eliminate Melina . The two continued their alliance , but Phoenix was able to get the upper hand , first eliminating Wilson , followed by throwing McCool over the ropes to win the match and a future WWE Women 's Championship match .
Another important industry during this period was the manufacture of fusee chains for watches and clocks . In 1790 , Robert Cox began to manufacture fusee chains in workshops in the High Street . By 1793 Cox gained a monopoly on chain production in Britain , supplying watch , clock and chronometer makers throughout the country . In 1845 William Hart opened a similar factory in Bargates . However , by 1875 the chains were no longer required due to changes in watch designs and the factories were closed . The railway came to Christchurch in 1847 although the nearest station , Christchurch Road , was at Holmsley and passengers were taken the rest of the way by omnibus .
The Auckland Mounted Rifle Regiment 's objective was to capture the Damieh crossing from the north east , while the Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment 's objectives were to make a frontal attack on El Makhruk , capture the headquarters of the Ottoman 53rd Division , and cut the Nablus road . The Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment , with one section of machine gun squadron attached , reached the Nablus to Jisr ed Damieh road early on the morning of 22 September and captured their objectives . Meanwhile the Auckland and Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiments , supported by the 1st Battalion , British West Indies Regiment , advanced to attack the Ottoman garrison holding Jisr ed Damieh .
As well as the cemeteries , the excavations in the 1990s confirmed the presence of a linear settlement , stretching along the Fosse Way for perhaps a kilometre , comprising cobbled streets , wooden and stone workshops and houses ( some with two storeys ) containing hearths and ovens , industrial areas , and a stone lined well . A great many artefacts were found , including both local and imported pottery ( such as samian ware ) , items of jewellery such as brooches , rings and bracelets , toilet items including tweezers , ear scoops and nail cleaners , bronze and iron tools , and a lead ingot which probably originated from the Romans ' lead mines on the Mendip Hills .
Cleveland Tunnel is 173 feet ( 53 m ) long and runs under Cleveland House , the former headquarters of the Kennet and Avon Canal Company and now a Grade II * listed building . A trap door in the tunnel roof was used to pass paperwork between clerks above and bargees below . Many of the bridges over the canal are listed buildings . On the eastern outskirts of Bath a toll bridge near the George Inn links Bathampton to Batheaston , on the north bank of the canal . When the A46 Bathampton by pass was built , the 22 acre ( 8.9 ha ) Bathampton Meadow was created to provide additional flood relief .
Obsidian was said to be inspired by InXile Entertainment 's success of using Kickstarter to fund Wasteland 2 . Chris Avellone said during the project 's announcement that if the campaign were to succeed , Pillars of Eternity would become a franchise . He also ruled out a possible console port of the game , saying , " Those [ console ] limitations affect RPG mechanics and content more than players may realize ( especially for players who 've never played a PC RPG and realize what 's been lost over the years ) , and often doesn 't add to the RPG experience .
In May 2011 , YouTube reported in its company blog that the site was receiving more than three billion views per day . In January 2012 , YouTube stated that the figure had increased to four billion videos streamed per day . In October 2010 , Hurley announced that he would be stepping down as chief executive officer of YouTube to take an advisory role , and that Salar Kamangar would take over as head of the company . In April 2011 , James Zern , a YouTube software engineer , revealed that 30 % of videos accounted for 99 % of views on the site .
They declare their love for each other and eventually plan to elope . The captain discovers this plan , but , as in many of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas , a surprise disclosure changes things dramatically near the end of the story . Drawing on several of his earlier " Bab Ballad " poems , Gilbert imbued this plot with mirth and silliness . The opera 's humour focuses on love between members of different social classes and lampoons the British class system in general . Pinafore also pokes good natured fun at patriotism , party politics , the Royal Navy , and the rise of unqualified people to positions of authority .
Fibres extracted from the leaf sheath of R. regia have been found to be comparable with sisal and banana fibres , but lower in density , making it a potentially useful source for the use in lightweight composite materials . An extract from R. regia fruit known as D 004 reduces benign prostate hyperplasia ( BPH ) in rodents . D 004 , is a mixture of fatty acids , is being studied as a potential alternative to finasteride for the treatment of BPH . Roystonea regia plays an important role in popular religion in Cuba . In Santería it is associated primarily with Shango or with his father Aggayú .
Lower Clarence settlers were by necessity good oarsmen , and several of them became national and even world champion scullers . Rush , who in his prime was over six feet tall and weighed 13 stone , soon distinguished himself as a powerful ' puller ' . He rowed the heavy settlers ’ boats , also known as ' butcher boats ' delivering meat to Clarence River customers . By 1866 , Rush was competing in various regattas regularly held among the riverside settlements of Ulmarra , Lawrence , Brushgrove and Rocky Mouth . In 1869 , Rush won the title of Champion of the Clarence from Prospero Coulon .
The two have an argument resulting in neither of them wanting to move . They gamble for the apartment and Jerry wins . Meanwhile , Kramer claims that he thinks he knows where Jerry 's stolen objects are , and suspects an Englishman along the hallway who denies having any " stuff " on him . Later in Monk 's Cafe , Jerry goes back on the deal and decides not to take the place because George wants it . The two continue to argue about who should own it , and decided that neither of them should take it .
The portion of the route built to freeway standards is known as the Costa Mesa Freeway ( formerly the Newport Freeway ) . SR 55 runs between Finley Avenue south of Pacific Coast Highway ( SR 1 ) in Newport Beach and the Riverside Freeway ( SR 91 ) in Anaheim to the north , intersecting other major Orange County freeways such as SR 22 , SR 73 , and Interstate 405 ( I 405 ) . The freeway passes through suburban Orange County . SR 55 was first added to the state highway system in 1931 , known as part of Legislative Route 43 , and was routed on surface streets .
Suddenly , Mulder 's heart monitor flatlines . Two weeks earlier , in the Beaufort Sea , crewmen on a ship spot a light in the sky that soon crashes into the sea . A body is retrieved from the crash , revealed to be an Alien Bounty Hunter . Two days later , the Bounty Hunter arrives in Scranton , Pennsylvania , at an abortion clinic and kills a doctor by stabbing him in the back of the neck with a stiletto weapon , then sets the building on fire and escapes . Mulder receives emails containing the doctor 's obituary along with two other identical doctors .
During this and other fights resulting from Stefan 's death , southern and eastern Serbia , including the Monastery of Daljša near Golubac , suffered heavily . It was after this fighting , however , that Sigismund was first referred to as " our Emperor " , in the memoir of a Daljšan monk , in contrast to the Turkish " pagan emperor " . The Ottoman Empire retained control of Golubac throughout its occupation of the Serbian Despotate . After years of fighting , which resulted in the Hungarian army expelling the Ottomans from Serbia , the Peace of Szeged restored the Despotate late in the summer of 1444 .
" The first thing I did on the Mac was to port a modem game I 'd written called Minotaur from 6502 Assembly on the Apple II into MPW C on the Mac . I was still finishing that when I came to college . By that time , I knew I wanted to write games . " Jones met Alex Seropian in his second year at the University of Chicago . In 1991 Seropian had founded Bungie and published his own game , Operation Desert Storm . Seropian was looking for another game to publish , and they decided to work together to finish Minotaur .
The Japanese assault on the 2 / 23rd subsequently delayed the 9th Division 's advance for several days , and these would eventually prove significant as in that time , the rain set in , flooding the numerous waterways that forked inland from the coast . Covered with heavy fire from the opposite bank , they would prove difficult for the Australians to cross . As the advance continued , stores were pushed forward from Red Beach , and landed by LCVs and LCMs around Apo Fishing Village on 6 / 7 September , and then again on 7 September around the Singaua Plantation , from where both the 24th and 26th Infantry Brigades undertook a resupply before the advance continued .
Forming near Hainan Island on May 21 as a monsoon depression , the initial tropical disturbance moved through the South China sea while slowly organizing . Becoming a tropical depression in the Formosa Strait , Mac quickly became a tropical storm and turned northeast , paralleling the coast of Taiwan . On May 27 , Mac turned back towards the east northeast as upper level westerly winds increased , causing vertical wind shear which led to Mac weakening into a tropical depression before dissipating on May 29 . A broad area of convection formed to the southeast of Pohnpei in mid June .
On May 3 , it was revealed that Park will be participating in the soundtrack of M. Night Shyamalan 's 2013 American science fiction thriller film , After Earth , having been personally contacted by Will Smith and Jaden Smith . The song , titled " I Like 2 Party " , is intended for the ending theme of the film and is written and composed by Park himself , and produced by friend and fellow Art of Movement member , Cha Cha Malone . During the same week , Park was announced to be the official ambassador of international b boy tournament and cultural festival , R 16 Korea , for the third year in a row .
Marat had her bow blown off and Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya was badly damaged by multiple bomb hits in September . The former was sunk , but later raised and became a floating battery for the duration of the Siege of Leningrad while the latter spent over a year under repair , although this was lengthened by subsequent bomb hits while in the hands of the shipyard . Both ships bombarded German and Finnish troops so long as they remained within reach , but Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya did not venture away from Kronstadt for the duration of the war . Parizhskaya Kommuna remained in Sevastopol until forced to evacuate by advancing German troops .
The title is a reference to a line from the 1992 film Wayne 's World . The album garnered significant attention from music journalists for its compositional and production technique . In two Guitar Center stores , Greenwald tapped people playing instruments on his iPhone , and used snippets of these low quality trackings as loops or synth patches , playing some of them through effects pedals or 4 track machines . The " dystopian " environment of Guitar Center shops and his desire to record something without a budget while in New York City is what inspired his idea to use samples of recordings of people playing instruments and build compositions out of them .
Women currently outnumber men in Biology , Brain & Cognitive Sciences , Architecture , Urban Planning , and Biological Engineering . A number of student deaths in the late 1990s and early 2000s resulted in considerable media attention to MIT 's culture and student life . After the alcohol related death of Scott Krueger in September 1997 as a new member at the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity , MIT began requiring all freshmen to live in the dormitory system . The 2000 suicide of MIT undergraduate Elizabeth Shin drew attention to suicides at MIT and created a controversy over whether MIT had an unusually high suicide rate .
A force of 14,000 troops was assembled for the opening of the first Federal Parliament on 9 May 1901 in Melbourne ; Chauvel was selected as brigade major of the mounted contingent , his first Federal posting . He became Staff Officer , Northern Military District , based at Townsville , Queensland , in July . In 1902 , Chauvel was appointed to command of the 7th Commonwealth Light Horse , a unit newly raised for service in South Africa , with the local rank of lieutenant colonel . Departing from Brisbane on 17 May 1902 , the 7th Commonwealth Light Horse arrived at Durban on 22 June , three weeks after the war ended .
At Rogowo near Chełmno a Wielbark settlement , an industrial production site and a 2nd to 3rd century bi ritual cemetery with very richly furnished graves have been discovered . In the area of Ulkowy , Gdańsk County a settlement consisting of both sunken floor and post construction dwellings , as well as a burial ground in use from the mid 1st century to the second half of the 3rd century were found . Only a part of the cemetery was excavated on the occasion of a motorway construction , but it yielded 110 inhumations ( 11 in hollowed out log coffins ) and 15 cremations ( 8 of them in urns ) and a rich collection of decorative objects , mostly from the graves of women .
Harrington became the first European to win the PGA Championship in 78 years and was the first winner from Ireland . Three golfers from Northern Ireland have been particularly successful . In 2010 , Graeme McDowell became the first Irish golfer to win the U.S. Open , and the first European to win that tournament since 1970 . Rory McIlroy , at the age of 22 , won the 2011 U.S. Open , while Darren Clarke 's latest victory was the 2011 Open Championship at Royal St. George 's . In August 2012 , McIlroy won his 2nd major championship by winning the USPGA Championship by a record margin of 8 shots .
It was uncommon on the royal table , although according to the 16th century Polish botanist Marcin of Urzędów – citing Giovanni Manardo , a court physician to the Jagiellonian kings of Hungary – the Polish born King Vladislaus II used to have a Polish hogweed based dish prepared for him at his court in Buda . With time , other ingredients were added to the soup , eventually replacing hogweed altogether , and the names borshch or barszcz became generic terms for any sour tasting soup . In 19th century rural Poland , this term included soups made from barberries , currants , gooseberries , cranberries , celery or plums .
According to author David Paul , this may explain why Szabó shifted gears even more dramatically in his next film , Confidence ( 1980 ) , in which historical events are represented straightforwardly , and are filtered through neither memory nor allegory . The film focuses on the relationship between a man and woman who are forced to share a room as they hide from the Arrow Cross toward the end of the Second World War . It garnered a Best Director award for Szabó at the Berlin Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards .
The highway heads southeast as two lane Old Philadelphia Road in a forested area between a pair of quarries . As MD 7 approaches the Amtrak Northeast Corridor , MD 267 ( Baltimore Street ) splits to the southeast and crosses the tracks to pass through Charlestown , while MD 7 begins to closely parallel the tracks along the northern edge of the town . The state highway receives the other end of MD 267 ( Bladen Street ) as it curves away from the railroad . MD 7 crosses Broad Creek and Stony Run before passing under the Amtrak line .
His first hit of the season came the day after , against California . In the majors that year , Stein batted .276 with five runs scored , 12 hits , one double , and five RBIs in 13 games played . Stein spent his first full season in the majors during the 1975 season . His season debut came on April 16 , against the Texas Rangers , where in one at bat he went hitless . In June , Stein was named the starting third baseman after Bill Melton , who was Chicago 's regular third baseman , was benched for poor hitting .
Blaine grew to enjoy life in his adopted state and became an admirer of Kentucky Senator Henry Clay . He also made the acquaintance of Harriet Stanwood , a teacher at the nearby Millersburg Female College and native of Maine . On June 30 , 1850 , the two were married . Blaine once again considered taking up the study of law , but instead took his new bride to visit his family in Pennsylvania . They next lived with Harriet Blaine 's family in Augusta , Maine for several months , where their first child , Stanwood Blaine , was born in 1851 .
Alabama earned their third SEC championship since the inception of the SEC Championship Game in 1992 , and their 22nd SEC title . The victory over Texas gave Alabama their 13th national championship in football ( their eighth wire service title since the AP Poll began in 1936 ) and their ninth perfect season since 1925 . The season included victories over the previous three national champions : Florida , Louisiana State University ( LSU ) , and Texas . The season marked the first time a player for Alabama won the Heisman Trophy : Mark Ingram won the award over Stanford running back Toby Gerhart .
In North America , the 3D re release ended its run in theaters on January 12 , 2012 with a gross $ 94,242,001 . Outside North America , it earned $ 83,400,000 . The successful 3D re release of The Lion King made Disney and Pixar plan 3D theatrical re releases of Beauty and the Beast , Finding Nemo , Monsters , Inc . , and The Little Mermaid during 2012 and 2013 . However , none of the re releases of the first three films achieved the enormous success of The Lion King 3D and theatrical re release of the The Little Mermaid was ultimately cancelled .
Hiltebeitel theorizes that both the first ( heroic death ) and third ( marriage ) boons originated with the Kuttantavar cult , while the second boon originated with the Draupadi cult . The Kuttantavar cult ritualizes both the heroic death and the marriage ceremony — enacted by ali ( officially , " eunuchs " in Tamil Nadu ) . Whereas , in the Draupadi cult it is the clay head of Aravan , fixed on a posta and witnessing the re enactment of the 18 day war , that is prominently ritualized . Additionally , Draupadi cult texts from Thajavur concentrate only on this second boon , omitting the other two .
On the extreme left was the hamlet of Papelotte . Both Hougoumont and Papelotte were fortified and garrisoned , and thus anchored Wellington 's flanks securely . Papelotte also commanded the road to Wavre that the Prussians would use to send reinforcements to Wellington 's position . On the western side of the main road , and in front of the rest of Wellington 's line , was the farmhouse and orchard of La Haye Sainte , which was garrisoned with 400 light infantry of the King 's German Legion . On the opposite side of the road was a disused sand quarry , where the 95th Rifles were posted as sharpshooters .
They began dating and they married in the spring of 1942 . She enrolled in the landscape architecture program at Harvard University , and Pei was thus introduced to members of the faculty at Harvard 's Graduate School of Design ( GSD ) . He was excited by the lively atmosphere , and joined the GSD in December 1942 . Less than a month later , Pei suspended his work at Harvard to join the National Defense Research Committee , which coordinated scientific research into US weapons technology during World War II . Pei 's background in architecture was seen as a considerable asset ; one member of the committee told him : " If you know how to build you should also know how to destroy .
One hit a torpedo room , and another burst in the aft 47 mm magazine . That started a fire that could not be put out because the flooding system had been previously damaged and eventually ignited propellant charges in the adjacent 12 inch magazine . About a half hour after the hit , the magazine exploded and blew a hole in the ship 's bottom that caused her to sink 45 minutes later in the shallow water . Following the capitulation of Port Arthur in January 1905 , Japanese engineers refloated Poltava on 22 July , and commissioned her as Tango a month later , taking her name from the ancient Japanese province of Tango , now a part of Kyoto Prefecture .
Dhananjayan noted the line also became a text book example of dialogue delivery for aspiring actors . In April 2012 , Rediff included the film in its list " The A to Z of Tamil Cinema " . In a January 2015 interview with The Times of India , playwright Y. G. Mahendra said , " most character artists today lack variety [ ... ] Show me one actor in India currently who can do a Kattabomman , a VOC , a Vietnam Veedu , a Galatta Kalyanam and a Thiruvilayadal . " Actor Rana Daggubati , in an interview with Sangeetha Devi Dundoo of The Hindu , said that Ganesan 's performances as Kattabomman and Karna ( in the 1964 film Karnan ) served as inspirations for his role in Baahubali ( 2015 ) .
It was the twelfth tropical storm , eighth hurricane , and record breaking fifth Category 4 hurricane in the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season . Lenny formed on November 13 in the western Caribbean Sea and maintained an unprecedented west to east track for its entire duration . It attained hurricane status south of Jamaica on November 15 and passed south of Hispaniola and Puerto Rico over the next few days . Lenny rapidly intensified over the northeastern Caribbean on November 17 , attaining peak winds of 155 mph ( 250 km / h ) about 21 mi ( 34 km ) south of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands .
Shaw and Crompton does not have a mayor , but does have a town crier , a purely ceremonial role . Shaw and Crompton is one of only a few parishes of England that still observes the ancient custom of Beating the bounds . Originally an annual event , it now takes place every seven years . In terms of parliamentary representation , Shaw and Crompton after the Reform Act 1832 was represented as part of the Oldham parliamentary borough constituency , of which the first Members of Parliaments ( MPs ) were the radicals William Cobbett and John Fielden .
Nevertheless , it is far enough away and has had sufficient time to evolve endemic species . The high degree of endemism is emphasised by the presence of five endemic genera : Negria , Lordhowea , Howea , Lepidorrhachis , and Hedyscepe . Island plants are similar to those of Norfolk Island , the two islands sharing some endemic species , for example , the critically endangered species of creeping vine Calystegia affinis . The combined flora of these two islands is more closely related to that of New Zealand and New Caledonia than to that of Australia . There is also a small but clear link with the plants of Vanuatu .
He also authored , co authored , and edited several books . He promoted American football and advocated for retired professional football players . Kemp was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 by President Barack Obama . Born , raised , and educated in Los Angeles , Kemp was the third of four sons of Frances Elizabeth ( née Pope ) and Paul Robert Kemp Sr. Paul turned his motorcycle messenger service into a trucking company that grew from one to 14 trucks . Frances was a well educated social worker and Spanish teacher . Kemp grew up in the heavily Jewish Wilshire district of West Los Angeles , but his tight knit middle class family attended the Church of Christ , Scientist .
Popular representations of John first began to emerge during the Tudor period , mirroring the revisionist histories of the time . The anonymous play The Troublesome Reign of King John portrayed the king as a " proto Protestant martyr " , similar to that shown in John Bale 's morality play Kynge Johan , in which John attempts to save England from the " evil agents of the Roman Church " . By contrast , Shakespeare 's King John , a relatively anti Catholic play that draws on The Troublesome Reign for its source material , offers a more " balanced , dual view of a complex monarch as both a proto Protestant victim of Rome 's machinations and as a weak , selfishly motivated ruler " .
He made it to the quarterfinals of the 2014 US Open , losing to Novak Djokovic , after earning his first top ten win of the year in the previous round against Jo Wilfried Tsonga . This was the first season since 2009 where Murray failed to reach a grand slam final . As a consequence Murray fell outside of the top 10 ranking places for the first time since June 2008 . Murray took a wildcard into the inaugural Shenzhen Open in China , entering as the number 2 seed . Victories over Somdev Devvarman , Lukáš Lacko and Juan Mónaco saw Murray reach his first final of the season , breaking a drought of 14 months following his title at Wimbledon .
Prus ' stories , which met with great acclaim , owed much to the literary influence of Polish novelist Józef Ignacy Kraszewski and , among English language writers , to Charles Dickens and Mark Twain . His fiction would also be influenced by French writers Victor Hugo , Gustave Flaubert , Alphonse Daudet and Émile Zola . Prus wrote several dozen stories , originally published in newspapers and ranging in length from micro story to novella . Characteristic of them are Prus ' keen observation of everyday life and sense of humor , which he had early honed as a contributor to humor magazines .
Boosey had conceived a passionate hostility to the broadcasting of music , fearing that it would lead to the end of live concerts . He attempted to prevent anyone who wished to perform at the Queen 's Hall from broadcasting for the BBC . This affected many of the artists whom Wood and Newman needed for the Proms . The matter was unresolved when Newman died in 1926 . Shortly afterwards , Boosey announced that Chappell 's would no longer support concerts at the Queen 's Hall . The prospect that the Proms might not be able to continue caused widespread dismay , and there was a general welcome for the BBC 's announcement that it would take over the running of the Proms , and would also run a winter series of symphony concerts at the Queen 's Hall .
He followed this with a match haul of 7 / 118 in the following match in Chittagong to take 18 wickets at 11.88 to be named as man of the series . India swept the series , winning both matches by an innings . Although the Indian batsmen scored heavily , Pathan managed only five and four . He played in only one of the three ODIs against the hosts as India rotated their players , taking 1 / 45 and scoring 21 not out in an 11 run win . In late 2004 , the Board of Control for Cricket in India introduced central contracts for international players for the first time , and Pathan was given a B grade contract .
It is possible that the work was written principally for the benefit of a Welsh audience . Asser takes pains to explain local geography , so he was clearly considering an audience not familiar with the areas he described . More specifically , at several points he gives an English name and follows it with the Welsh equivalent , even in the case of Nottingham , which seems unlikely to have had a native Welsh name . As a result , and given that Alfred 's overlordship of south Wales was recent , it may be that Asser intended the work to acquaint a Welsh readership with Alfred 's personal qualities and reconcile them to his rule .
The appeal was heard by the General Assembly on 31 May 1861 with Gregorson Campbell 's defence arguing that the main thrust of the complaints was actually founded on the congregation 's desire to have their own preferred minister appointed . The motion was not upheld and Gregorson Campbell became the minister of both parishes , a position he held for thirty years . Interest in mythology and folklore gained momentum in the last quarter of the 19th century , probably fuelled by the contentious debates surrounding the authenticity of the Ossian poems published by James Macpherson during the 1760s .
I love this movie and as soon as it was over , I wanted to see it again . ” James Rocchi , writing for The Playlist , gave the film an A letter grade and said , " Drive works as a great demonstration of how , when there ’ s true talent behind the camera , entertainment and art are not enemies but allies . ” Both Roeper and Rocchi also placed Drive as their number one film of 2011 . Stephanie Zacharek of Movieline complimented the film 's action and wrote that it “ defies all the current trends in mainstream action filmmaking .
He then asked if twin 380 millimeter ( 15.0 in ) turrets could be used instead . The Germans said that they would have to check back for the technical details . Krupp had six incomplete turrets on hand that had originally been ordered before the war to rearm the Scharnhorst class battleships , but they were cancelled after the start of World War II when the Germans decided that they could not afford to have the ships out of service during the war . A preliminary purchase agreement was made to buy twelve guns and six turrets later that month , well before any studies were even made to see if the substitution was even possible .
Officers Greene and Stodder were among the last men to abandon ship and remained with Bankhead who was the last surviving man to abandon the sinking Monitor . In his official report of Monitor to the Navy Department Bankhead praised Green and Stodder for their heroic efforts and wrote , I would beg leave to call the attention of the Admiral and of the Department of the particularly good conduct of Lieutenant Greene and Acting Master Louis N. Stodder , who remained with me until the last , and by their example did much toward inspiring confidence and obedience on the part of the others .
Miles Morales ' Spider Man suit is available as an alternate costume for Spider Man ( Peter Parker ) in Spider Man : Edge of Time . Miles Morales appears as a playable character in Marvel Super Hero Squad Online , voiced by Alimi Ballard . Miles Morales ' Spider Man costume appears in the 2014 video game The Amazing Spider Man 2 , with the in game biography stating that the costume was inspired by a comic series in the in game universe that looks at Miles Morales ' life as Spider Man . Miles Morales is a playable character in Spider Man Unlimited , Marvel : Avengers Alliance , Marvel Puzzle Quest , Marvel Future Fight , and Marvel : Contest of Champions .
The films often include a one liner , often of a sexual nature , at the dénouement . At the close of The Spy Who Loved Me , Roger Moore 's final line when caught with a woman , was that he was " Keeping the British end up , Sir ! " , something that Chapman considered to have " plumbed new depths of banality " . Similarly , Moonraker closes with a distracted Q answering M 's question of " What 's he doing ? " with " I think he 's attempting re entry , sir " ; a line described by Barnes and Hearn as " sheer magnificence " .
Finn ( Cory Monteith ) asks Rachel ( Lea Michele ) for her answer to his proposal since he has waited the three days she requested , but she is not ready , so he agrees to wait longer . Rachel asks Quinn ( Dianna Agron ) for advice , and Quinn advises her to refuse and leave her past behind . Quinn has done so , and she has been accepted at Yale ; she sings " Never Can Say Goodbye " to former boyfriends Puck ( Mark Salling ) , Finn and Sam ( Chord Overstreet ) , and to the glee club .
Clark had a conversation with Condoleezza Rice in which she told him that the war in Kosovo would not have occurred under Bush . Clark found such an admission unsettling , as he had been selected for the SACEUR position because he believed more in the interventionist policies of the Clinton administration . He said he would see it as a sign that things were " starting to go wrong " with American foreign policy under Bush . Clark supported the administration 's War in Afghanistan in response to the September 11 , 2001 , attacks but did not support the Iraq War .
The first players ' union was formed February 12 , 1957 by Red Wings player Ted Lindsay who had sat on the board of the NHL 's Pension Society since 1952 . Lindsay and his fellow players were upset by the league 's refusal to let them view the books related to the pension fund . The league claimed that it was barely breaking even financially , and so could not contribute more than it did . Players on the Pension Committee suspected otherwise , leading Lindsay and Doug Harvey of the Canadiens to discussions on forming a union in 1956 .
In addition , these theories were being developed just as other physicists were beginning to discover quantum mechanics , which would ultimately prove successful in describing known forces such as electromagnetism , as well as new nuclear forces that were being discovered throughout the middle part of the century . Thus it would take almost fifty years for the idea of new dimensions to be taken seriously again . New concepts and mathematical tools provided fresh insights into general relativity , giving rise to a period in the 1960s and 70s now known as the golden age of general relativity .
The Solicitor General said they would not seek van der Sloot 's extradition to Aruba . On 30 June , a federal grand jury formally indicted van der Sloot of the two charges . The indictment filed with the U.S. District Court seeks the forfeiture of the $ 25,100 that had been paid to van der Sloot . In an interview published by De Telegraaf on 6 September 2010 , van der Sloot admitted to the extortion plot , stating : " I wanted to get back at Natalee 's family . Her parents have been making my life tough for five years .
Tracking Kreia to Telos , the Exile fights and defeats a corrupted Atris , from whom they learn that Kreia plans to destroy the Force by strengthening a massive wound that the Exile had caused ten years ago during the Mandalorian Wars ; when the Exile ordered the activation of the superweapon that ended the battle , thousands of simultaneous deaths ensued and subsequently caused a wound in the Force . Before following her to Malachor V , where Kreia had since rejoined the Sith as Darth Traya , the Exile stops a Sith invasion of Telos , defeating one of Traya 's former apprentices , the Sith Lord Darth Nihilus .
The combined concentrations of gases in any given tissue depend on the history of pressure and gas composition . Under equilibrium conditions , the total concentration of dissolved gases is less than the ambient pressure — as oxygen is metabolized in the tissues , and the carbon dioxide produced is much more soluble . However , during a reduction in ambient pressure , the rate of pressure reduction may exceed the rate at which gas is eliminated by diffusion and perfusion . If the concentration gets too high , it may reach a stage where bubble formation can occur in the supersaturated tissues .
They also moult their fleece naturally , rather than having to be shorn annually , though older individuals do not moult as easily and may require additional shearing . Fleeces are grey or creamy white on the body , though darker individuals occur whose colouring is similar to the Soay sheep . Rough in quality , the wool is mostly used in the creation of tweeds or carpet yarns . A tweed is a rough surfaced coarse cloth , typically made in Scotland . Its colour is a mix of flecked colours . The face and legs are wool free and black and white , with the proportions varying between individuals .
The response from non natives was almost the opposite , with 68 % responding that the name is not offensive . In May 2016 , the Washington Post ( WaPo ) released a poll of self identified Native Americans that produced the same results as the 2004 Annenberg poll , that 90 % of the 504 respondents were " not bothered " by the team 's name . The Annenberg poll was criticized for only using land lines at a time when they were rare on reservations , so 60 % of the respondents in the new poll were contacted on cell phones , based upon other surveys indicating that 95 % of Native Americans have at least one cell phone per household .
He cares little for others , and simply considers people to be " toys " he can sacrifice in order to get to what he wants . However , despite claiming this , he seems to tolerate both Ken and Chikusa , and even protects them , as well as sacrifice himself for them , when need be , though does not do so in front of them . He also seems to care for Chrome , though hides it in front of others . To keep his identity hidden , Mukuro periodically controls several people , most notably Lancia , whom he uses as a " fake Mukuro " .
The U.S. produces about 7 percent of the world 's farmed trout . Rainbow trout , especially those raised in farms and hatcheries , are susceptible to enteric redmouth disease . A considerable amount of research has been conducted on redmouth disease , given its serious implications for rainbow trout farming . The disease does not infect humans . Populations of many rainbow trout subspecies , including anadromous forms ( steelhead ) of O. m. irideus ( coastal rainbow trout ) and O. m. gairdneri ( Columbia River redband trout ) have declined in their native ranges due to over harvest , habitat loss , disease , invasive species , pollution and hybridization with other subspecies , and some introduced populations , once healthy , have declined for the same reasons .
In 1979 they released the track , " Some Day " for the compilation album , Home Grown Volume One ; " Some Day " was cowritten with Tony Backhouse , guitarist of fellow Wellington band , The Spats , which also had a track , " Young Ladies in Hot Cars " , on the compilation . Wide Mouthed Frogs worked with The Spats ' members : drummer Bruno Lawrence sometimes played saxophone for them and keyboardist Peter Dasent became their musical director . By 1980 , The Spats had evolved into The Crocodiles , under the mentorship of US producer Kim Fowley , and featured Backhouse , Dasent , Fane Flaws ( guitar , vocals ) , Mark Hornibrook ( bass guitar ) , Lawrence , and songwriter Arthur Baysting .
They had : Ayscoghe Boucherett ( 1817 – 32 ) , Henry Robert Boucherett , J.P. ( 1818 – 77 ) , who was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1866 , Hugo Boucherett ( 1819 – c . 1839 ) , Louisa Boucherett ( 1821 – 95 ) , and Emilia Jessie Boucherett ( 1825 – 1905 ) , who was a noted women 's rights campaigner . Maria Boucherett ( born 30 October 1795 ) . She married , on 15 August 1815 , Charles Parker Newdigate Newdegate of Harefield , Middlesex ; their only child was the Conservative politician and Member of Parliament for North Warwickshire , Charles Newdigate Newdegate .
Chanderpati was widowed at the age of 37 , when Manoj was only 9 . Manoj owned an electronics repair shop at Kaithal and was the only member of his family receiving income . Manoj 's cousin , Narender , lived with the family and worked in Panchkula . Babli 's mother , Ompati , also had four children , including eldest son , Suresh , and Babli . Like Manoj , Suresh was the only earning member of the family . Babli was still studying in school . Ompati is a widow . In 2005 , Manoj and Babli began to show interest in each other .
On April 9 , 2008 , reality competition American Idol aired its second annual charity event , titled Idol Gives Back . Backed up by Randy Jackson on the bass , Carey appeared on stage as the last head lining performer of the evening . Mid way through the performance , a large church choir walked on stage in blue garbs , and provided the gospel climax for the song . Ann Powers from the Los Angeles Times called the song an " inspirational show stopper " and felt Carey 's vocal 's were " patented impossible notes " . In regards to the performance , Katie Byrne from MTV News wrote " Carey was at her over the top best , with a full gospel choir and the high notes that made her famous .
" In the case of computers , two machines are functionally isomorphic if and only if the sequential relations among states in the first are exactly mirrored by the sequential relations among states in the other . Therefore , a computer made out of silicon chips and a computer made out of cogs and wheels can be functionally isomorphic but constitutionally diverse . Functional isomorphism implies multiple realizability . This argument is sometimes referred to as an " a priori argument " . Jerry Fodor , Putnam , and others noted that , along with being an effective argument against type identity theories , multiple realizability implies that any low level explanation of higher level mental phenomena is insufficiently abstract and general .
" In 1935 , at the age of 18 , Anderson left her Brisbane home to live in Sydney . Despite the fact that she spent her childhood in Queensland , she stated in interviews that she felt more affinity with Sydney , the city where she was to spend the bulk of her adult life . There she subsisted on wages from a number of sources , including a slide painting job , and a job designing electric signs , where she was able to make use of her art school training , and later from work in shops and factories .
Brown established his reputation in the early alternative comics scene of the 1980s with the surreal , taboo breaking Ed the Happy Clown . He brought that story to an abrupt end in 1989 when , excited by the autobiographical comics of Joe Matt and Julie Doucet , he turned towards personal stories . The uncomplicated artwork of his friend and fellow Toronto cartoonist Seth inspired him to simplify his own . Brown intended I Never Liked You as part of a longer work with what became his previous book , The Playboy ( 1992 ) , but found the larger story too complex to handle at once .
Somewhere examines similar themes of success and isolation , but from a male perspective . The film explores Marco 's seclusion and depression despite his outward professional success and the resulting wealth and fame . He appears to suffer from anhedonia , the inability to feel pleasure , but the film itself is reticent in suggesting its causes . " He believes he 's nothing " , summarized film critic Roger Ebert , " and it appears he 's correct " . The film 's opening shot , a Ferrari circling a race track in and out of a stationary camera position , its whine and roar rising and falling , establishes the theme of ennui .
He was honoured with a state funeral , which was followed with a five day period of nationwide mourning . He was buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis in Red Square . National and international statesmen from around the globe attended his funeral . His wife and family attended ; his daughter Galina Brezhneva outraged spectators by not showing up in sombre garb . Brezhnev on the other hand was dressed for burial in his Marshal 's uniform , along with all his medals . Brezhnev presided over the Soviet Union for longer than any other person except Joseph Stalin .
" In the autumn of 1857 , The Atlantic Monthly was established , and Lowell was its first editor . With its first issue in November of that year , he at once gave the magazine the stamp of high literature and of bold speech on public affairs . In January 1861 , Lowell 's father died of a heart attack , inspiring Lowell to move his family back to Elmwood . As he wrote to his friend Briggs , " I am back again to the place I love best . I am sitting in my old garret , at my old desk , smoking my old pipe ... I begin to feel more like my old self than I have these ten years .
In 1951 , the club formed the MCC Youth Cricket Association , of which Allen was a member . Another part of the process was the compilation of the MCC coaching book in 1951 , which aimed to improve coaching standards throughout the country . Allen worked in collaboration with Harry Altham ; Allen was responsible for the technical aspects of the publication . In later years , Allen judged this work to improve youth cricket as one of his proudest achievements as an administrator . However , in his survey of English cricket in the 1950s , Tim Quelch states that the coaching drive , and other similar initiatives at the time , achieved little owing to the limited resources available and because the boys coached had little actual opportunity to play cricket .
On June 26 , Parker was selected no . 2 overall by the Milwaukee Bucks . Just prior to the draft , Parker became the second member of the 2014 draft class to sign a shoe contract when he signed an endorsement deal with the Jordan Brand . On July 9 , 2014 , Parker signed with the Bucks and joined them for the 2014 NBA Summer League . In the 2014 – 15 NBA.com Rookie Survey at the annual Rookie Photo Shoot on August 6 , Parker was named by his peers as both the most likely to be Rookie of the Year and the most likely to have the best NBA career .
While the Scottish Enlightenment is traditionally considered to have concluded toward the end of the 18th century , disproportionately large Scottish contributions to British science and letters continued for another 50 years or more , thanks to such figures as the physicists James Clerk Maxwell and Lord Kelvin , and the engineers and inventors James Watt and William Murdoch , whose work was critical to the technological developments of the Industrial Revolution throughout Britain . In literature the most successful figure of the mid 19th century was Walter Scott . His first prose work , Waverley in 1814 , is often called the first historical novel .
The New Jersey State Highway Department favored the Essex Freeway instead between I 80 in Parsippany Troy Hills to I 95 in Kearny . The latter would become the Interstate and be designated I 280 . This road was built in the 1960s and completed west from Newark in 1973 . The portion east of Newark to the New Jersey Turnpike opened in 1980 . I 280 was once planned to continue east to I 78 near the Holland Tunnel but never was extended east of the New Jersey Turnpike . In the 2000s , the Stickel Bridge was reconstructed after the original structure was determined to be structurally deficient .
Charles Edwards comments : The implication of all this is that the Mercian submission to Alfred – a crucial step in the creation of a single English kingdom – occurred not just because of one battle , Alfred 's victory over the Great Army at Edington in 878 , but also because of another , more distant battle , " God 's revenge " on the Mercians at the Conwy , when Anarawd of Gwynedd and his brothers defeated Æthelred and so brought about that collapse of the Mercian hegemony in Wales from which Alfred was only too pleased to benefit .
Ford , with 120 points , was fifteen points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third place . Mark Martin was the race 's defending champion . A number of drivers competing in the 2010 Chase for the Sprint Cup entered the race optimistic about their chances of winning the championship . Biffle argued that he , Burton , or Stewart were " capable of winning it " . Johnson , who already had eighteen previous wins in the Chase , observed that " those 10 races in the Chase is its own world . The people act and react differently under pressure , and for the last four years we have done a great job in that environment .
A month later , the band released what would be their fifth and final studio album Save Yourself . A posthumous live album , Untouchable Sound , was released in 2006 by Drag City and Sea Note . The album included the addition of Alex Minoff on guitar . The same year , Dischord Records released In Film / On Video , a DVD collection of live performances , music videos , and Blue is Beautiful . As the Make Up 's frontman and mouthpiece , Ian Svenonius often contextualized the band 's music in terms of larger socio political themes .
" Barry Nicholson of the NME wrote : " It 's hardly love at first listen … Yet across repeat plays , the album 's charms begin to unfurl . " Rolling Stone ranked the album number 30 in its list of the best albums of 2014 . The A.V. Club gave the album a positive review , but wrote : " Flashes of brilliance aside , the result sounds an awful lot like something Yorke dashed off to pass the time before delving into the new Radiohead album . " Mark Beaumont of The Guardian called it " deviously understated " , but found that its unconventional release was " more impactful than the product .
They begin a relationship and return home . Max begins to take the first steps of his transition . Max 's hormone blockers result in his temper flaring ; he starts being slightly abusive to Jenny . Jenny later decides to end their relationship . She then writes a story about all her friends for The New Yorker . In season four , the story later gets turned into a stage play , then a film titled Lez Girls . Marina briefly returns during the play , portraying Jenny 's character . Jenny realizes she is over Marina after being propositioned by her .
When the network announced the start of season two , the episode was not finished . On his personal website , executive producer Fred Seibert noted that he would " prefer [ that the series ] stock up on a few episodes before jumping into season two , but it ain ’ t my network " . Seibert also felt that the episode was rather frightening and warned potential watchers that it might not be suitable for younger children . Martin Olson , the father of Olivia Olson who voices Marceline , provides the voice for Marceline 's demonic father Hunson Abadeer .
He competed in two Olympic Games , winning a team silver at the 1996 Summer Olympics and an individual gold and team bronze at the 2000 Summer Olympics . At the 1999 Pan American Games , O 'Connor took an individual silver and team gold and at the 2002 World Equestrian Games he assisted the US team to gold . After his retirement from competition in 2004 , he became involved in the administrative side of international eventing . O 'Connor has held top coaching roles for the US and Canadian national eventing teams , and was president of the United States Equestrian Federation from 2004 to 2012 .
All full time faculty have doctoral degrees . Shimer instructors teach across disciplines ; the " ideal is that any faculty member can teach any one of the core courses " . Shimer applicants are evaluated according to their academic potential , and no minimum grade point average or test score is required . Applicants are required to write essays analyzing their academic experience and demonstrating their creative talent . These essays and interviews are the primary criteria for admission . The college accepts students it believes will benefit from , and contribute to , its intellectual community . Barron ’ s Profiles of American Colleges rates Shimer " very competitive plus " .
Meanwhile , the Sejm agreed to raise money for the war . The situation of the Commonwealth forces , short of money and food , was difficult . Lithuanian forces were dealt a serious defeat near Koknese , Inflanty Voivodeship , in December 1626 and they subsequently retreated behind the Dvina River . The Swedes then planned to strike Koniecpolski from two directions : Oxenstierna , from the Vistula River , and Johann Streiff von Lawentstein and Maxymilian Teuffl , from Swedish held Pomorze . The flooding of the Vistula , however , disrupted their plans and allowed Koniecpolski to intercept the enemy units advancing from Pomerania .
Lobates have eight comb rows , originating at the aboral pole and usually not extending beyond the body to the lobes ; in species with ( four ) auricles , the cilia edging the auricles are extensions of cilia in four of the comb rows . Most lobates are quite passive when moving through the water , using the cilia on their comb rows for propulsion , although Leucothea has long and active auricles whose movements also contribute to propulsion . Members of the lobate genera Bathocyroe and Ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
Apparently she was infatuated with him strongly enough to appear at his door with a pair of suitcases , asking him to give her shelter , since " no gentleman would leave a woman alone on the street at night . " Jiménez then became Betances ' common law wife for thirty five years , and survived his death in 1898 . They would not have any children . Their godchild , Magdalena Caraguel , was eventually adopted by the couple as their daughter . Little else is documented about Jiménez in history books , and Betances rarely mentions her in his works and correspondence .
Manning became the oldest starting quarterback to both play in and win a Super Bowl . Manning also became the first quarterback to start two Super Bowls with multiple franchises , with different head coaches each time ( Dungy , Caldwell , Fox and Kubiak ) and the first quarterback to lead two different franchises to a Super Bowl victory . The victory gave Manning his 200th overall win including regular season and playoffs , making him the starting quarterback with the most combined regular season and postseason wins in NFL history , snapping a tie with Brett Favre . Manning announced his retirement , after 18 seasons , on March 7 , 2016 .
I took them because I , as governor of the State , could not afford to create a row at a public meeting and have our people murder each other like dogs . " By early July , Butler had realized the futility of his race , and took to ignoring Tillman in his speeches , which the governor reciprocated , taking much of the drama from the debates . The two men even rode in the same carriage on July 4 . Nevertheless , Butler refused to surrender , even after the primary for the legislature was overwhelmingly won by the Tillmanites , threatening action in the courts and an election contest before the Senate .
The games were first released in Japan in late 2002 and internationally in 2003 . Pokémon Emerald , a special edition version , was released two years later in each region . These three games ( Pokémon Ruby , Sapphire , and Emerald ) are part of the third generation of the Pokémon video game series , also known as the " advanced generation " . Remakes of the two games , titled Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire , were released for the Nintendo 3DS onward worldwide on November 21 , 2014 , exactly twelve years to the date of the original Ruby and Sapphire release date , with the exception of Europe , where it was released on November 28 , 2014 .
Sayes Court was demolished in 1728 9 and a workhouse built on its site . Part of the estates around Sayes Court were purchased in 1742 for the building of the Admiralty Victualling Yard , renamed the Royal Victoria Yard in 1858 after a visit by Queen Victoria . This massive facility included warehouses , a bakery , a cattleyard / abattoir and sugar stores , and closed in 1960 . All that remains is the name of Sayes Court Park , accessed from Sayes Court Street off Evelyn Street , not far from Deptford High Street . The Pepys Estate , opened on 13 July 1966 , is on the former grounds of the Royal Victoria Dockyard .
Ernst Haeckel was particularly ardent , aiming to synthesise Darwin 's ideas with those of Lamarck and Goethe while still reflecting the spirit of Naturphilosophie . Their ambitious programme to reconstruct the evolutionary history of life was joined by Huxley and supported by discoveries in palaeontology . Haeckel used embryology extensively in his recapitulation theory , which embodied a progressive , almost linear model of evolution . Darwin was cautious about such histories , and had already noted that von Baer 's laws of embryology supported his idea of complex branching . Asa Gray promoted and defended Origin against those American naturalists with an idealist approach , notably Louis Agassiz who viewed every species as a distinct fixed unit in the mind of the Creator , classifying as species what others considered merely varieties .
With warm waters , Tropical Storm Linda gradually re intensified as it slowed down , due to a weakness in the subtropical ridge . On November 6 , it again attained typhoon status while located off the southwest coast of Burma ( Myanmar ) . Initially , it was expected to cross the Bay of Bengal and make landfall near the India / Bangladesh border . The cyclone only maintained peak strength for 18 hours , due to an increase in wind shear from a mid latitude trough . Linda 's motion became nearly stationary , and it gradually weakened for several days .
Property must be protected by the state but , in order to secure universal independence , all citizens ( including women ) must own property . Saint Just , Fragments sur les institutions républicaines ( French ) Saint Just , Théorie politique , edited by Alain Liénard , Seuil , Paris , 1976 . ( French ) Œuvres de Saint Just , précédés d 'une notice historique sur sa vie edited by Adolphe Havard , Paris , 1834 . ( French ) Œuvres complètes de Saint Just in two volumes edited by Charles Vellay , Paris , 1908 . ( French ) Œuvres choisies , with introduction by Jean Gratien , Paris , 1946 .
In King Toot 's music store , when Homer buys Lisa her first saxophone , there is a guitar in the background that is similar to Eddie Van Halen 's " Frankenstrat " guitar . The photo beside Kent Brockman on the news has him modeled after the Coppertone Girl . In its original broadcast , " Lisa 's Sax " finished 51st in ratings for the week of October 13 – 19 , 1997 , with a Nielsen rating of 8.2 , equivalent to approximately 8.0 million viewing households . It was the second highest rated show on the Fox network that week , following King of the Hill .
After desperate attempts to fix the leak and pump the ship dry , Shackleton gave the order to abandon ship three days later . Salvaging what essential supplies they could , the expedition set out on 30 October for Robertson Island , 200 miles ( 320 km ) to the northeast . After just three days , it was clear that the condition of the ice was too rough for sledging . Having travelled only a mile and a half ( 2.4 km ) from where the Endurance was sinking , they set up camp to wait for the ice to break up .
In a 2009 interview , Cross praised the planning for the invasion and the removal of Saddam Hussein , but said that he " was very keen that we thought through carefully the postwar aspects of what we were going to do once the military campaign was over . And I think it 's now very public knowledge that that was not well handled . It was not well thought through , it was not well executed . And we lived with the consequences of that . " On 7 December 2009 , Cross publicly testified before the Iraq Inquiry , having previously argued that the proceedings should be held in public as , eventually , they were .
In 190 AD , the powerful nobleman Yuan Shao rallies an army of warriors from across the land , including Cao Cao , Sun Jian , Liu Bei , Gongsun Zan , and many fresh warriors . These forces defeat Li Jue and Hua Xiong at Si Shui Gate and , at Hulao Gate a year later , they defeat Dong Zhuo and Lu Bu ; Dong Zhuo survives , and burns down Luoyang . After defeating Dong Zhuo , Liu Bei and his sworn brothers Zhang Fei and Guan Yu are forced to wander the land in search of a home .
The depression brought widespread rain to northern South India as it passed over the country and its remnants brought scattered rain to Gujarat over the following week . Over a period of four hours , heavy rain fell on Hyderabad and Secunderabad , destroying many houses in the two cities . About 130 mm ( 5 inches ) of rain fell on Bombay as the system dissipated . The heavy rains claimed about 75 lives . A low pressure area that developed in the Bay of Bengal passed over the southern Indian subcontinent and developed into a depression in the Arabian Sea off the southern Maharashtra coast on October 11 .
" Povenmire was nominated for an Annie Award for Directing in an Animated Television Production for the episode " PTV " ( November 6 , 2005 ) but lost out to a fellow Family Guy director Peter Shin , who had directed the episode " North By North Quahog " . Povenmire and several others were also nominated for their work on " PTV " in the Outstanding Animated Program ( for Programming Less Than One Hour ) category at the Primetime Emmy Awards . Povenmire also received the same nomination for " Road to Rhode Island . " While directing for Family Guy , Povenmire was offered a job as storyboard director of the series SpongeBob SquarePants .
Hence , the determinant of the matrix M must be zero , providing a new equation in which the variable x has been eliminated . Techniques such as Hilbert 's original non constructive solution to the finite basis problem could not be used to get quantitative information about the invariants of a group action , and furthermore , they did not apply to all group actions . In her 1915 paper , Noether found a solution to the finite basis problem for a finite group of transformations G acting on a finite dimensional vector space over a field of characteristic zero .
Enthusiastic about its contents , particularly articles by Portland native John Reed , Bryant began raising subscriptions for it . Emma Goldman , a well known anarchist whom Wood had defended in court , gave a speech in Reed 's honor at the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) hall in Portland . She and other political activists , such as Alexander Berkman , were among guests entertained by Bryant and her husband . In 1914 , Reed , a Harvard graduate and established writer who by then lived in Greenwich Village , came home for a visit , during which he spoke at the University Club of Portland against the class system .
The latest release in the series , Mother 3 , has two soundtrack albums : Mother 3 + , released in 2006 , and the online only release Mother 3i in 2007 . The games ' soundtracks have received primarily positive reviews , and the music itself has gone on to some popularity . Multiple piano sheet music books of pieces from the series have been produced , and the " Eight Melodies " song originally featured in Mother has been included in some Japanese music textbooks . Music from the series has been used in the Super Smash Bros. series of fighting games , has been played in orchestral game music concerts , and been remixed for websites such as OverClocked Remix .
His best friend missed out , so he arranged for Flight Lieutenant Keith Johnson an Australian cricket official , to pull some strings , ensuring his friend 's promotion . The pair were posted to 12 Advanced Flying Unit in Grantham , Lincolnshire in on 15 August 1944 , which was an Operations Training Unit for the purpose of familiarising officers with flying aircraft . However , on a trip back to Ouston to visit their colleagues , a night of drunken revelry led to property damage and injury to another airman . Miller and his friend were charged with eight offences and faced possible expulsion .
, but this decree was provisional , since the draft Constitution ( which was passed a day later ) explicitly referred this matter to legislation , enacted by parliament . According to Article 70 of the Constitution , state symbols ( which are an anthem , flag and coat of arms ) required further definition by future legislation . As it was a constitutional matter , it had to be passed by a two thirds majority in the Duma . Between 1994 and 1999 , many votes were called for in the State Duma to retain " Patrioticheskaya Pesnya " as the official anthem of Russia .
Elsewhere , Fran brought flooding to several states , including Virginia , West Virginia , Maryland , Ohio , and Pennsylvania , as well as Washington , D.C. Outside North Carolina , effects were worst in Virginia , where flooding and winds left 400,000 people without electricity and caused about $ 350 million in damage . Hurricane Fran was responsible for 37 deaths , with 24 of them in North Carolina . Property damage in the United States was estimated at $ 6.9 billion . An area of disturbed weather , accompanied with a low level circulation , emerged into the Atlantic from the west coast of Africa on August 24 .
The other variety of CS Army uniform jackets and coats is the Zouave . This jacket was meant to be loose fitting and reflect the French African Zouave units . There were several units to consist of this uniform , including the " Richmond Zouaves " , in the 44th Virginia Infantry Regiment , the " Wheat 's Tigers " , of the 1st Louisiana Special Battalion , and " Coppen 's Zouaves " , of Louisiana . The buttons worn on the Infantryman 's clothing is not as minor a detail as it would sound . The average infantryman may have had his uniform made for him in Richmond , Virginia , however , the man enlisted in Georgia , and is now marching through the former state .
He said that the biggest challenge with that was to make the gameplay and story work together ; the goal was to make the player feel like they have driven the story forward themselves , with their own choices , even though the game is linear . He only spent little time on writing a backstory for Phoenix before writing the first game 's story , and instead made up dialogue and developed Phoenix 's personality as he went along . He came up with the partner character Maya because he thought it would be more fun for players to have another character with them , giving them advice , than investigating on their own .
Research on these specimens by Mikhail A. Fedonkin , initially with Benjamin M. Waggoner in 1997 , led to Kimberella being recognised as the oldest well documented triploblastic bilaterian organism — not a jellyfish at all . So far Kimberella fossils show no sign of a radula , the toothed chitinous " tongue " that is the diagnostic feature of modern molluscs , excluding bivalves . Since radulae are very rarely preserved in fossil molluscs , its absence does not necessarily mean that K. quadrata did not have one . The rocks in the immediate vicinity of Kimberella fossils bear scratch marks that have been compared to those made by the radulae of molluscs as they graze on microbial mats .
" Although Ol ' Dirty Bastard is given co production credit on " Da Mystery of Chessboxin ' " and Method Man is co credited for " Wu Tang Clan Ain 't Nuthing ta F ' Wit , " critics and admirers universally credit RZA with developing a " dusty yet digital production style [ that ] helped legitimize the use of more diverse sample sources to the hardcore New York rap massive , breaking away from James Brown based beats and embracing a style that turned the Underdog theme into the menacing coda for a group of underground terrorists .
Ocupațiunea rusească și Regulamentul Organic ( " The Romanian Principalities from 1828 to 1834 . The Russian Occupation and Regulamentul Organic " ) . The study even earned him accolades from Iorga , who called it " an extraordinarily rich work of pragmatic history " . The work mainly documents the emergence of a civic consciousness , called " public spirit " by Filitti , over the years when Regulamentul was in force , and speaks about how the Moldo Wallachian Russophile class turned Russophobic as it became acquainted with Tsarist autocracy . Principatele române ... includes additional data on the rift between the liberal youth , with its ideal of national liberation , and the peasantry , more determined to terminate the corvée system .
With his parent 's blessing he left for seminary in the summer of 1928 , going to Jerusalem to study with the White Fathers at the Melkite seminary of Saint Anne . He was ordained a priest at Saint Anne Melkite Basilica in Jerusalem on July 20 , 1936 , following which he was appointed a professor of Arabic Literature and Mathematics at the seminary . He later returned to Cairo as a parish priest . While in Egypt , Zoghby considered the issues of ecumenism and the schism between the Melkite Catholic and Antiochian Orthodox Churches . As he began to study both the historical roots of the separation and the modern divisions of Middle Eastern churches he came to the opinion that the schism was unjustifiable .
" " Kaddish " originally aired on the Fox network on February 16 , 1997 , and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on December 17 , 1997 . This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.3 , with a 15 share , meaning that roughly 10.3 percent of all television equipped households , and 15 percent of households watching television , were tuned in to the episode . It was viewed by 16.56 million viewers . The episode received moderately positive reviews from television critics . Andy Meisler , in his book I Want to Believe : The Official Guide to the X Files Volume 3 , called the episode " one of the best non mythological episodes of the fourth season " due to its " seamless integration of character development , social commentary and the supernatural .
" Revolutionary Generation " celebrates the strength and endurance of black women with lyrics related to black feminism , an unfamiliar topic in hip hop . It also addresses sexism within the black community and misogyny in hip hop culture . The title track discusses racial classification and the root of White fear of African Americans , particularly racist concerns by some Whites over the effect of miscegenation . In the song , Chuck D argues that they should not worry as the original man was black and " white comes from black / No need to be confused " .
Andrew Jackson opposed the presence of a group of armed fugitive slaves ( although they were in a sparsely populated area of Spanish Florida ) ; this led to the Battle of Negro Fort in July 1816 and the beginning of the First Seminole War . For their involvement in the conflict , two former auxiliary officers of the corps were executed in 1818 in what became known as the Arbuthnot and Ambrister incident . It is believed that former Colonial Marine refugees were among a group that escaped to the Bahamas in 1822 and founded , on the west coast of the island of Andros , a community that retains its identity to the present day .
Other questions are presented in the standard multiple choice format but use recurring concepts , such as questions based on a fortune cookie message , or ones read through Cookie 's ventriloquist dummy incorporating a speech impediment that may make the question harder to understand . After ten questions are completed , the final round of the game is the " Jack Attack " where all players compete against each other . Prior to the round , a brief clue is shown to the players to describe a relationship that they must match , for example " BFF " ( Best friends forever ) .
In the summer of 1957 , Galland moved to Bonn and rented an office on Koblenzerstrasse , beginning his own aircraft consultancy there . Galland worked hard but continued flying , taking part in national air shows . In 1956 , he was appointed honorary chairman of the Gemeinschaft der Jagdflieger , the Association of Fighter Pilots . Through this , he came into contact with contemporaries in Britain and America . In 1961 , he joined the Gerling Group of Cologne who contracted Galland to help develop their aviation business . With business going well , Galland bought his own aircraft on 19 March 1962 , his 50th birthday .
They dealt in furs and possessed guns . Tensions rose between the Ojibwa and Dakota in the ensuing years . In 1671 , France signed a treaty with a number of tribes to allow trade . Shortly thereafter , French trader Daniel Greysolon , Sieur du Lhut arrived in the area and began trading with the local tribes . Du Lhut explored the western area of Lake Superior , near his namesake , the city of Duluth , and areas south of there . He helped to arrange a peace agreement between the Dakota and Ojibwa tribes in 1679 . Father Louis Hennepin with companions Michel Aco and Antoine Auguelle ( aka Picard Du Gay ) headed north from the area of Illinois after coming into that area with an exploration party headed by René Robert Cavelier , Sieur de La Salle .
In June 2013 , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos stated his hope that Colombia 's cooperation with NATO could result in NATO membership , though his Foreign Minister , Juan Carlos Pinzon , quickly clarified that Colombia is not actively seeking NATO membership . Ivo Daalder and James Goldgeier proposed a " global NATO " that would incorporate democratic states from around the world , including Australia , New Zealand , Japan , South Korea , Brazil , South Africa , and India , while Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani suggested expanding NATO to include Singapore , Israel , Australia , India , and Japan .
Metro fares vary based on the distance traveled and the time of day at entry . During peak hours ( weekdays from opening until 9 : 30 a.m. and 3 – 7 p.m. , and Friday and Saturday nights from midnight to closing ) , fares ( effective 2014 ) range from $ 2.15 to $ 5.90 , depending on distance traveled . At all other times , fares range from $ 1.75 to $ 3.60 based on distance traveled . Customers using a paper farecard must add an additional $ 1.00 fee for each ride . Discounted fares are available for school children , the disabled , and the elderly .
The IOC refused to see the case , stating , " This is a matter for the ISU to decide on . At this time , the IOC has received no proposal and taken no action " . The CAS sided with the officials of the race as " there is no provision in the short track rule book for overturning a judgment call by the referee " after the Korean team asked to have a video replay be used to determine whether or not there was a rule violation . The disqualification upset South Korean supporters , many of whom directed their anger at Ohno and the International Olympic Committee .
According to internal White House and Commission documents posted in February 2016 by the National Security Archive at The George Washington University , the Gerald Ford White House significantly altered the final report of the supposedly independent 1975 Rockefeller Commission investigating CIA domestic activities , over the objections of senior Commission staff . The changes included removal of an entire 86 page section on CIA assassination plots and numerous edits to the report by then deputy White House Chief of Staff Richard Cheney . In the Middle East and eastern Mediterranean , two ongoing international disputes developed into crises . The Cyprus dispute turned into a crisis with the Turkish invasion of Cyprus , causing extreme strain within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) alliance .
There is also one service in the morning departing St Pancras International for Maidstone West . In the evening there is one service departing from Maidstone West for St Pancras International . Passengers can still travel twice an hour from Maidstone West to St Pancras International in sixty five minutes by changing at Strood ( an option also open to passengers boarding at Aylesford ) . The M20 motorway is easily accessible from Ditton via junctions 4 and 5 . As Ditton is situated in Kent it has excellent connections to mainland Europe and farther afield through Kent 's major transport nodes : seven freight and passenger ports , including the Port of Dover ; two international high speed railway stations , Ashford and Ebbsfleet ; London City Airport ( approximately 35 miles ( 56 km ) away ) and London Gatwick ( 40 miles ( 64 km ) away ) .
Gardiner and T & Y Board ( and later Metro Planning Board ) chairman James Maher personally walked the route through the valley , determining the works that would be needed to put the highway through . " We 'll move the railway over a piece . We 'll tear down the hill . We 'll shift the river over a piece , then we can have the highway through there . " Gardiner toured New York City in June 1954 to study the city 's expressways and municipal parking lots . Gardiner compared the proposed Don Valley expressway to the scenic Grand Central Parkway , and was quoted as claiming that valleys like the Don are not spoiled by arterial highways , but beautified by them .
The scenes featuring Mulder and Scully being decontaminated were based on a similar scene in the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No , according to Spotnitz . He felt that the scene successfully played upon the sexual tension between the two lead characters . " One Son " would be the last episode of the series to feature Owens ' character , Jeffrey Spender , until the ninth season entry " William " . Owens first learned that he would be killed off when Carter called him and told him , " You 're going to go out a hero , of sorts " .
Vegetable chips may be fried , deep fried , dehydrated , dried or baked . Many various root vegetables or leaf vegetables are used . Cassava chips are a common food product in several areas of the world . Vegetable chips may be eaten as a snack food , and may accompany other foods such as dips , or be used as a topping on dishes . In the United States , vegetable chips are mass produced by some companies , and several brands are marketed to consumers . Vegetable chips may be prepared with sliced vegetables that are fried , deep fried , baked , dehydrated , or simply dried .
No part of a structure from that period survives ; the oldest parts of the present building are the south wall of the nave and some parts of the west wall , which are from the 12th century . Some work was carried out in the late 13th or the 14th century , which is the period ascribed to the doorway on the south side . The church was enlarged in the 16th century when a second aisle was erected on the north side of the church , running the length of the building , with an arcade of four arches added between the old and new parts of the building .
From the late 18th century , European Canadians ( and the Canadian government ) encouraged assimilation of Aboriginal culture into what was referred to as " Canadian culture " . These attempts reached a climax in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , with a series of initiatives that aimed at complete integration of the aboriginal peoples . These policies , which were made possible by legislation such as the Gradual Civilization Act and the Indian Act , focused on European ideals of Christianity , sedentary living , agriculture , and education . The attempt at Christianization of the aboriginal people of Canada had been ongoing since the first missionaries arrived in the 1600s , however it became more systematic with the Indian Act in 1876 , which would bring new sanctions for those who did not convert to Christianity .
Alonso had a similar accident to Hamilton 's at Massenet two laps later , and emerged in seventh after pitting and taking on extreme wets . Massa 's lead – 12 seconds over the second placed Räikkönen by lap six – was reduced to nothing when the safety car was deployed on the eighth lap . Coulthard and Bourdais had crashed into the barriers at Massenet just seconds apart , requiring the marshals to separate the cars and lift them off the track . When the safety car pulled off after three laps , Massa consolidated his lead over his teammate .
Easterly wind shear caused disruption of the storms ' outflow ; however , the center , previously surrounded by two deep areas of convection , was situated underneath one area of thunderstorm activity . By the late morning hours of September 17 , an eyewall developed within the circulation , indicating that Georges was nearing hurricane status . Later on September 17 , a banding eye feature appeared on satellite imagery , leading the NHC to upgrade Georges into a hurricane at 1800 UTC that day . The next day , an anticyclone began to develop over the hurricane , enhancing the storms ' outflow .
Among the birds , ptarmigan , dotterel and snow bunting in particular may be affected as they depend on high altitude habitats , and populations are likely to decline if warmer weather brings competitors into their restricted ranges . Mammals and other vertebrates may fare better , although localised invertebrate populations are at risk . Marine life is already being affected . Planktonic species that prefer cold water are declining and are not able support the crucial food chains on which many seabirds depend . Further evidence of problems for marine species has been provided by the St Andrews University Sea Mammal Research Unit .
He was by now treated with the greatest respect in musical circles , but his many activities diminished the time available for composition . The flow of new anthems and service music slowed down , but in 1883 he completed his oratorio Mary Magdalen . This was followed in 1887 by The Crucifixion , the work for which he is most remembered . In 1885 , he was awarded an honorary degree by Durham University , and he became Heather Professor at Oxford in 1889 following the death of Ouseley . He conducted pioneering research into early music , notably the output of Netherlandish Renaissance composer Guillaume Dufay , then scarcely known even among experts .
Five days later , the Minister for Defense Production informed the House of Commons that Avro was indeed working on a " mock up model " of a flying saucer , capable of flying at 1,500 miles per hour ( 2,400 km / h ) and climbing vertically . Nevertheless , further funding was not forthcoming . While Project Y continued , Frost had meanwhile become interested in the Coandă effect , where fluid flows will follow strongly convex shapes , something that might be unexpected at first glance . Frost felt the effect could be used with his engine design to produce a more practical VTOL aircraft , the exhaust flowing outward over the upper surface of the aircraft and then being directed downward over a flap like arrangement .
The large .455 Webley revolvers were retired in 1947 , although the Webley Mk IV .38 / 200 remained in service until 1963 alongside the Enfield No. 2 Mk I revolver . Commercial versions of all Webley service revolvers were also sold on the civilian market , along with a number of similar designs ( such as the Webley Government and Webley Wilkinson ) that were not officially adopted for service , but were nonetheless purchased privately by military officers . The Webley Mk IV , chambered in .455 Webley , was introduced in 1899 and soon became known as the " Boer War Model " , on account of the large numbers of officers and non commissioned officers who purchased it on their way to take part in the conflict .
After several days of maneuver and stalemate , Pausanias ordered a night time retreat towards the Allies ' original positions . This maneuver went awry , leaving the Athenians , and Spartans and Tegeans isolated on separate hills , with the other contingents scattered further away near Plataea . Seeing that the Persians might never have a better opportunity to attack , Mardonius ordered his whole army forward . However , the Persian infantry proved no match for the heavily armoured Greek hoplites , and the Spartans broke through to Mardonius 's bodyguard and killed him . After this the Persian force dissolved in rout ; 40,000 troops managed to escape via the road to Thessaly , but the rest fled to the Persian camp where they were trapped and slaughtered by the Greeks , finalising the Greek victory .
Igarashi , present in the interview , asserted that making music for handheld game consoles , regardless of the type , is largely the same , although he accepted that the DS 's sound capabilities were much better than those of the Game Boy Advance 's . Dawn of Sorrow has received critical acclaim from many video game publications , with several hailing it as the best Nintendo DS game of 2005 . In Japan , the game sold over 15,000 units in its first week , acquiring the number ten slot in software sales . The game sold over 164,000 copies three months after its release in the United States .
Here president Rhee came aboard on 16 September to present the Korean Presidential Unit Citation to the 7th Fleet . Relieved as flagship at Yokosuka by Wisconsin 14 October , New Jersey was homeward bound the next day , reaching Norfolk on 14 November . During the next two summers she crossed the Atlantic with midshipmen on board for training , and during the rest of the year sharpened her skills with exercises and training maneuvers along the Atlantic coast and in the Caribbean . New Jersey stood out of Norfolk 7 September 1955 for her first tour of duty with the United States Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean .
Melvyn Bragg commented , in his introduction to the programme , that the poet had given his full cooperation . The programme , broadcast on 30 May , featured contributions from Kingsley Amis , Andrew Motion and Alan Bennett . Bennett was also filmed reading several Larkin poems a few years later , in an edition of Poetry in Motion , broadcast by Channel 4 in 1990 . In 1999 , Oliver Ford Davies starred in Ben Brown 's play Larkin With Women at the Stephen Joseph Theatre , Scarborough , reprising his role at the Orange Tree Theatre , London in 2006 .
Originally , the film , under the working title " Snakes on a Plane " , was going to be directed by Hong Kong action director Ronny Yu . Jackson , who had previously worked with Yu on The 51st State , learned about the announced project in the Hollywood trade newspapers and , after talking to Yu , agreed to sign on without reading the script based on the director , storyline , and the title . The film 's B movie esque title generated a lot of pre release interest on the Internet . One journalist wrote that Snakes on a Plane is " perhaps the most internet hyped film of all time " .
By 1996 , the PlayStation had a considerably larger library than the Saturn , although Sega hoped to generate increased interest in the Saturn with upcoming exclusives such as Nights into Dreams .... Within its first year , the PlayStation secured over 20 % of the entire U.S. video game market . On the first day of the May 1996 E3 show , Sony announced a PlayStation price reduction to $ 199 ; on the second day of the show Sega announced they were matching this price , even though Saturn hardware was more expensive to manufacture . Sony 's price reduction was in turn a reaction to the release of the Model 2 Saturn in Japan at a price roughly equivalent to $ 199 .
The success of Angelou 's previous autobiographies and the publication of four volumes of poetry had brought Angelou a considerable amount of fame by 1986 . And Still I Rise , published in 1978 , reinforced Angelou 's success as a writer . Her first volume of poetry , Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ' fore I Diiie ( 1971 ) was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize . As writer Hilton Als states , Angelou was one of the first African American female writers to publicly discuss her personal life , and one of the first to use herself as a central character in her books , something she continues in Traveling Shoes .
Most destruction was due to Isidore , which caused about $ 970 million ( 2002 USD , $ 1.28 billion 2016 USD ) in damage and killed seven people in the Yucatán Peninsula and later the United States , and Hurricane Lili , which caused $ 860 million ( 2002 USD ) in damage and 15 deaths when it made landfall in Louisiana . Noted hurricane expert William M. Gray and his associates at Colorado State University issue forecasts of hurricane activity each year , separately from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) . Gray 's team determined the average number of storms per season between 1950 and 2000 to be 9.6 tropical storms , 5.9 hurricanes , and 2.3 major hurricanes ( storms exceeding Category 3 ) .
Although it was not his decision to have it on the show , Powter said : " I need every opportunity that I can to get the music out there " . " Bad Day " was subsequently used in other shows , including the Brazilian series Malhação in 2005 , and TV Asahi 's 2006 Japanese drama Regatta : Kimi to Ita Eien . It was featured in Veronica Mars episode " The Bitch Is Back " in 2007 , and in a 2012 episode of the German show Danni Lowinski . In 2014 , the song was used as a ringtone for Sherlock Holmes and Joan Watson in an episode of Elementary titled " The One Percent Solution " .
Korps and he was appointed commanding officer of the 2 . Grenadier Division in April 1957 . He was then posted to the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe ( SHAPE ) of Nato in Paris as deputy chief of the fundamental planning office . He succeeded Adolf Heusinger as the second Generalinspekteur der Bundeswehr on 1 April 1961 . Under his command the compulsory military service in the Bundeswehr was extended from 12 to 18 months . He was also in command during the political Spiegel scandal , which led to the resignation of Federal Ministry of Defence Franz Josef Strauß .
The report of the American John Murray Forbes to John Quincy Adams , sixth President of the United States , in 1824 mentioned that Britain had a huge influence in the economic power of the country . He mentioned that the government in Buenos Aires was so eager to be on good terms with Britain and gain recognition of the declaration of independence that most official institutions ( as the Bank ) were under British control , and that Britain had similar control over the Argentine economy to that metropole of a colony , without the financial , civil or military costs .
However , the store manager appears and allows her into the shop . She dismisses the masks she sees on display as not good enough for scaring anyone . But she sneaks into a back room and discovers a row of hideously deformed masks . She is startled to find that the masks feel warm and like human skin , not rubber or plastic . The store owner reluctantly sells her one of the masks and Carly Beth goes home in delight . Later that day , after she takes the mold of her head that her mother made , she puts on the mask and goes in search of Chuck and Steve , determined to get revenge on them .
William of Ockham responded to the Euthyphro Dilemma by ' biting the bullet ' . He argued that , if God did command people to be cruel , then that would be morally obligatory , proposing that the only limitation to what God can make obligatory is the principle of non contradiction . Robert Adams defended Ockham 's view , noting that it is only a logical possibility that God would command what we consider to be immoral , not an actuality . Even if God could logically command these actions , he would not because that is not his character .
Personal responsibility is often highlighted , and a strong anti censorship message may be present . Previously lost scenes cut by studios can be re added and restore a director 's original vision , which draws similar fanfare and acclaim from fans . Imports are sometimes censored to remove elements that would be controversial , such as references to Islamic spirituality in Indonesian cult films . Academics have written of how transgressive themes in cult films can be regressive . David Church and Chuck Kleinhans describe an uncritical celebration of transgressive themes in cult films , including misogyny and racism .
With the count at two balls and one strike , Ruth gestured , possibly in the direction of center field , and after the next pitch ( a strike ) , may have pointed there with one hand . Ruth hit the fifth pitch over the center field fence ; estimates were that it traveled nearly 500 feet ( 150 m ) . Whether or not Ruth intended to indicate where he planned to ( and did ) hit the ball , the incident has gone down in legend as Babe Ruth 's called shot . The Yankees won Game Three , and the following day clinched the Series with another victory .
White recorded the most hit outs in the league in 2002 , with 561 , playing in all of Melbourne 's matches in a run that saw them narrowly lose to Adelaide by two goals in a semi final . The 2003 season was disappointing for both Melbourne , and White personally . His average number of hit outs dropped by more than six per game , he averaged fewer than eight kicks per match , and did not receive any Brownlow Medal votes . The following season saw a vast improvement in White 's personal performance , as he enjoyed the finest season of his career , winning Melbourne 's best and fairest , receiving All Australian selection , and ranking second in the league for total number of hit outs .
HMS St. Vincent , commissioned in 1910 , was the first of her class and therefore the class of battleship was named after her . The St. Vincent – class battleships included HMS Collingwood and HMS Vanguard . Jervis , a J class destroyer , launched just prior to the Second World War , was named after the Admiral . HMS Jervis served throughout the war . She was known as a lucky ship as , despite taking part in several actions , she never lost a man to enemy fire . HMS Jervis Bay , an armed merchant cruiser that was lost in heroic circumstances , was indirectly named after him .
Scully begins to question Berquist 's motives , noting that she was the reason Mulder decided to look into this investigation . Mulder , however , begins to suspect Detweiler after learning that he had been at the vet 's office ; Mulder believes that he is the dhole and is tranquilizing himself in an attempt to stop murdering . Mulder asks Cahn to confront Detweiler , but Cahn is attacked and severely injured by the Dhole and placed in the hospital . Mulder then visits Berquist and says he thinks she has not been honest with him . Berquist reveals that she first suspected Detweiler when she saw him and that he will try to kill her .
At the time , there were no public art galleries in England with permanent collections . In 1816 , in the face of his continued lack of success , Etty decided to spend a year in Italy to study the artworks held in the great Italian collections . He had made a brief visit to France in early 1815 , but other than this had never been abroad . The 28 year old Etty had fallen in love , and fretted about the difficulties a potential marriage would cause , and whether it would be right to travel to further his career even though it would mean taking his new wife to a foreign country .
He studied under George Russell , whose ( 1959 ) Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization Patt edited . Patt also studied with Gunther Schuller , who himself was a student of Arnold Schoenberg and who used Schoenberg 's twelve tone technique for atonal composition . Patt wanted to be able to play and then to improvise twelve tone music . Patt was inspired by the jazz of Ornette Coleman and John Coltrane and the atonal music of Schoenberg . Seeking a guitar tuning that would facilitate improvisation , he introduced major thirds tuning by 1964 , perhaps in 1963 .
" Requiem " was a story milestone for the series , featuring the alien abduction of Mulder . Mulder would appear sporadically in the next few seasons , only returning for about half of the episodes in season eight and only two episodes in season nine . Prior to being picked up for another season , however , many believed that the episode would serve as the series finale . As such , many elements from the show 's pilot episode were brought in to bring the show closure and help it segue into a movie franchise . In Bellefleur , Oregon , Detective Miles drives to the scene of a reported air crash in the forest .
As Japan lacked the industrial capacity to build such warships herself , the ship was built in Britain . She often served as a flagship and participated in most of the naval battles of the Russo Japanese War of 1904 – 05 . The ship was lightly damaged during the Battle off Ulsan and the Battle of Tsushima . Izumo was ordered to protect Japanese citizens and interests in 1913 during the Mexican Revolution and was still there when World War I began in 1914 . She was then tasked to search for German commerce raiders and protect Allied shipping off the western coasts of North and Central America .
Each city and town in the game world each has an economy which the player can stimulate by completing jobs such as farming . Players have the option to develop their character . At the beginning of the game , players create their character by selecting one of several races , including humans , orcs , elves and anthropomorphic cat or lizard like creatures , and then customizing their character 's appearance . Over the course of the game , players improve their character 's skills , which are numerical representations of their ability in certain areas . There are eighteen skills divided evenly among the three schools of combat , magic , and stealth .
She and her sister had become passionate about the issue of human trafficking as a result of their involvement with the organization Run for Courage , and the two sisters considered writing a play about human trafficking in the United States . Because they were both college students , they did not find the time to write a play , so in 2013 , their mother , Deedee Eldridge , began looking for a human trafficking related play that had already been written and she discovered She Has a Name . It was the only play she was able to find on the subject of human trafficking .
Most of the unit 's time during the Phoney War was consumed engaging in intensive training over the Wash which included co operation with searchlights and mine laying operations . It did not last for long . On 15 May 1940 , 604 relocated to RAF Manston . From the airfield Cunningham flew sorties over the English Channel and patrols over Dunkirk as the Battle for France intensified . Cunningham made no recorded contact with the enemy and France capitulated on 25 June 1940 . On 26 July 1940 the squadron was re designated a specialised night fighter unit . The squadron was amongst the first to receive airborne interception radar ( AI ) .
It had a bore of 48 inches ( 1,219 mm ) and a stroke of 36 inches ( 914 mm ) . During her trip to Hampton Roads after commissioning , the ship reached a speed of 7 – 8 knots ( 13 – 15 km / h ; 8.1 – 9.2 mph ) using her sails . The ship was armed with two 6.4 inch ( 163 mm ) , 100 pounder Parrott rifles in pivot mounts fore and aft and four 9 inch ( 229 mm ) smoothbore Dahlgren guns . Each nine inch gun weighed approximately 9,000 pounds ( 4,100 kg ) .
In some places , sticks are used instead of swords . Iberian stick dances ( paulitos , paloteos , ball de bastons ) display two opposite rows of dancers . A common sword dance in Europe is the moresca in Spain , in which the dance recalls the strife between Christians and Muslims in that country from the 12th to 15th centuries . The gun parade of Moros y Cristianos also celebrates these battles , as does the British morris dance . In Macedonia and Northern Italy , weapon dances may be used to exorcise evil spirits before a wedding .
Carlito and Primo invoked their rematch clause the next night on Raw , but were unsuccessful . On the July 6 episode of Raw , following their loss to Edge and Jericho , Carlito turned heel by attacking Primo . At Night of Champions , Carlito challenged for the United States Championship in a Six Pack Challenge , which also involved Primo , but neither of them were able to win the title . On the August 3 episode of Raw , Carlito defeated Primo to end their feud . On the August 13 episode of WWE Superstars , Carlito teamed with Rosa Mendes to defeat Kofi Kingston and Mickie James .
" His first post upon returning to his home country was an advisory position with the Canadian Radio and Television Commission ( CRTC ) in Ottawa , where he battled Canada 's private broadcasters , especially CTV , over new Canadian content regulations . This lasted for only a few months , before in August 1970 he became the new Government Film Commissioner , the Chairman of the National Film Board of Canada , returning to the same institution for which he had worked in the 1940s . In this role , he experienced considerable problems in Quebec resulting from the fact that he did not speak French , at a time when the NFB 's French Program branch was attracting young Quebec nationalist filmmakers .
By noon , she was 140 miles off the southwest coast of England . This section of the English coast was hazardous , due to shallow waters , sharp rocks , and often dense fog , so it was normally avoided by ships . By the afternoon Suevic had entered a typically dense fog bank . By 10 pm , the ship 's officers were not able to fix their position using stellar navigation , so they intended to use instead the Lizard lighthouse on Lizard Point , Cornwall ( known simply as " The Lizard " ) , which they soon spotted .
He spent the 1963 season as a relief pitcher , sometimes in excruciating pain . Umbricht 's health deteriorated soon afterwards and he died within six months , from complications from melanoma in a Houston area hospital at age 33 . His ashes were spread over the construction site of the Astrodome , the future home of the Colt .45s. The team retired Umbricht 's jersey number and wore black armbands for the 1964 season in his honor . Umbricht was born in Chicago , and moved with his family to Atlanta in 1946 . Aspiring to be a professional baseball player , Umbricht practiced every day on a field by his house and became a multi sport star at Decatur High School in Decatur , Georgia .
The bar has been restored to its original appearance , with rich wood panelling and leather upholstery and has 25 original photographs on the walls taken by the author of places and people that inspired him . Bar Vendôme is very popular with high class Parisians for afternoon tea and contains rich wood furnishings and a grand piano . During the summer months the doors are opened out onto the garden and terrace . The Ritz Escoffier School of French Gastronomy was established in 1988 in honour of Georges Auguste Escoffier . The ethos of the school is based on Escoffier 's words , " Good cuisine is the foundation of true happiness .
In this post Gulf War period , the Royal Navy 's first female chaplain also served on board . Cardiff was originally to be replaced in 2009 by Daring , the first of the Royal Navy 's next generation Type 45 destroyers . However , it was announced in July 2004 that she would be one of a number of ships withdrawn from service early , in accordance with the " Delivering Security in a Changing World " white paper on the British military . Cardiff was decommissioned on 14 July 2005 , after making a final visit to her namesake city , where members of the public were allowed on board .
On May 11 , selected members of Congress ( the congressional leadership and those who serve on the House and Senate intelligence , homeland security , judiciary , foreign relations , and armed forces committees ) were shown 15 bin Laden photos . In an interview with Eliot Spitzer , Senator Jim Inhofe said that three of the photos were of bin Laden alive for identification reference . Three other photos were of the burial at sea ceremony . The group Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain access to the photos in May 2011 , soon after the raid .
Six months after Woodford 's appointment as COO and President , on 1 October , Olympus elevated him to its chief executive officer , stating that since his appointment as president / COO , " the Board have been extremely pleased with the progress made under Mr. Woodford 's leadership in this role , which has exceeded the expectations at the time of his appointment " . At the time of Woodford 's appointment , he was regarded as an unlikely choice . Reuters reports there were rumours that he only got the job because he would be " easy to control " ; some Japanese observers saw Woodford , who speaks no Japanese , as the chairman Kikukawa 's new pet .
Although Smith lost the presidential race , Franklin won handily and the Roosevelts moved into the governor 's mansion in Albany , New York . During Franklin 's term as governor , Eleanor traveled widely in the state to make speeches and inspect state facilities on his behalf , reporting her findings to him at the end of each trip . In 1927 , she joined friends Marion Dickerman and Nancy Cook in buying the Todhunter School for Girls , a finishing school which also offered college preparatory courses , in New York City . At the school , Roosevelt taught upper level courses in American literature and history , emphasizing independent thought , current events , and social engagement .
In wasps , as in other Hymenoptera , sex is determined by a haplodiploid system , which means that females are unusually closely related to their sisters , enabling kin selection to favour the evolution of eusocial behaviour . Females are diploid , meaning that they have 2n chromosomes and develop from fertilized eggs . Males have a haploid ( n ) number of chromosomes and develop from an unfertilized egg . Wasps store sperm inside their body and control its release for each individual egg as it is laid ; if a female wishes to produce a male egg , she simply lays the egg without fertilizing it .
The passenger service was withdrawn north of Tow Law on 1 May 1939 . Britain 's railways were nationalised on 1 January 1948 and the lines were placed under the control of British Railways . In the early 1950s control was split between the North Eastern and London Midland regions with Kirkby Stephen as the boundary . Local passenger trains were withdrawn between Kirkby Stephen and Tebay on 1 December 1952 . The service along Weardale was withdrawn on 29 June 1953 and services north of Crook on 11 June 1956 . The 1955 Modernisation Plan , known formally as the " Modernisation and Re Equipment of the British Railways " , was published in December 1954 .
The skins or heads of taiko are generally made from cowhide from Holstein cows aged about three or four years . Skins also come from horses , and bull skin is preferred for larger drums . Thinner skins are preferred for smaller taiko , and thicker skins are used for larger ones . On some drumheads , a patch of deer skin placed in the center serves as the target for many strokes during performance . Before fitting it to the drum body the hair is removed from the hide by soaking it in a river or stream for about a month ; winter months are preferred as colder temperatures better facilitate hair removal .
In 1937 , the road became Secondary State Highway 2H ( SSH 2H ) and ran from Primary State Highway 2 in Spokane to Wellesley Avenue at the Idaho state border . SSH 2H was scheduled to be designated SR 290 in 1970 after a highway renumbering in 1964 . The new designation was made to align with the sign route , now state route , system . In 1967 , the eastern terminus of SSH 2H was shifted north to align with Idaho State Highway 53 ( ID 53 ) . In 1970 , the state route system came into effect and SR 290 was established along with a spur route connecting the main highway to Interstate 90 ( I 90 ) .
By the later Bronze Age , an open , cleared , landscape predominated on the Wolds . It was used for grazing and also for arable cultivation . The wetlands on either side of the Wolds in the River Hull valley , Holderness and the Vale of York were also being used for animal rearing at this time . In the Iron Age there were further cultural changes in the area . There emerged a distinctive local tradition known as the Arras Culture , named after a site at Arras , near Market Weighton . There are similarities between the chariot burials of the Arras Culture and groups of La Tene burials in northern Europe , where the burial of carts was also practised .
In addition , the 46 multimember districts were replaced with 39 single member districts — 13 in Adelaide and 26 in the country . Over the next three decades , Adelaide 's population grew until it had triple the population of the country , but the distribution of seats in the legislature gave rural voters a disproportionate influence by a factor of six . The desired long term effect was to lock the opposition Labor Party out of power ; the unexpected short term effect was a large number of dissatisfied rural independents in the 1938 election . Although he played no part in its development or implementation , the electoral system gerrymander was later christened the ' Playmander ' , as a result of its benefit to Playford , and his failure to take action towards reforming it .
Unable to do so , Kenneth takes a cardboard cut out of Tracy and pretends to be him as she is giving birth until Tracy comes in and pushes Kenneth out of the way . Later , Jack tells Kenneth that he is truly needed back at TGS and offers to talk to human resources to get his job back , but Kenneth refuses and says he will re apply to the page program , following the proper procedures . This episode of 30 Rock was written by co show runner and executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by series producer Don Scardino .
Most effectually he has put his critics to shame ... [ he is ] in such a position that if an England eleven had to meet Australia next week he would be picked at once with acclamation . " Prior to this , only R. E. Foster had scored centuries in both the University Match and the Gentlemen v Players match in the same year . Chapman ended his season by scoring 805 runs and taking 19 wickets for Berkshire , and playing in festival games . He aggregated 607 runs at 33.72 in first class matches for the season .
Oxbow was third out of the gate . He took the lead down the backstretch and stayed in front until the end of the race where he was narrowly defeated by Will Take Charge . Oxbow lost by half a head , but earned his first triple digit speed figure at 101 , along with 20 Derby qualification points . After the Rebel Stakes , Oxbow was ranked as one of the top ten horses in some Triple Crown pre race polls , and secured eligibility to run in the Derby with 36 points . Four weeks after the Rebel , Oxbow entered his last preparatory race before the Triple Crown campaign , the Grade I Arkansas Derby , held on April 13 .
On 9 March the NCRC released Lu 'ay al Atassi from jail , promoted him to the rank of lieutenant general , appointed him commander in chief and NCRC chairman , the de facto head of state . Hariri was appointed chief of staff . While Atassi and Hariri held powerful posts , they did not possess enough personal or political power to threaten the NCRC . The Nasserist officers were also given notable offices with Muhammad al Sufi becoming Minister of Defence and Rashid al Qutayni becoming deputy chief of staff . However , the Military Committee , which had expanded its membership with five new members , ensured that the Ba 'athists controlled the real levers of powers .
Another possible explanation for the magnetosphere 's alignment is that there are oceans of liquid diamond in Uranus 's interior that would deter the magnetic field . Despite its curious alignment , in other respects the Uranian magnetosphere is like those of other planets : it has a bow shock at about 23 Uranian radii ahead of it , a magnetopause at 18 Uranian radii , a fully developed magnetotail , and radiation belts . Overall , the structure of Uranus 's magnetosphere is different from Jupiter 's and more similar to Saturn 's . Uranus 's magnetotail trails behind it into space for millions of kilometres and is twisted by its sideways rotation into a long corkscrew .
The newspapers searched for evidence of past impostures and referenced older publications such as Reginald Scot 's Discoverie of Witchcraft ( 1584 ) . The ghost was referenced in an anonymous work entitled Anti Canidia : or , Superstition Detected and Exposed ( 1762 ) , which sought to ridicule the credulity of those involved in the Cock Lane case . The author described his work as a " sally of indignation at the contemptible wonder in Cock lane " . Works such as The Orators ( 1762 ) by Samuel Foote , were soon available . Farcical poems such as Cock lane Humbug were released , theatres staged plays such as The Drummer and The Haunted House .
The corporation is responsible and involved in clearing encroachment of the tanks . Siruthuli , an environmental organisation founded by the city 's industrial houses , undertakes de silting of tanks and cleaning of the Noyyal river . Environment Conservation Group based out of the city is also involved in conservation of trees and wetlands , monitoring wildlife crime and conducting awareness sessions for students . Coimbatore has sister city relationship with Toledo , Ohio . The relation has enabled exchange in the fields of arts and education between the cities . A twin city pact with the German city of Esslingen was signed in July 2016 with the relation enabling the cities to collaborate on areas of mutual interest , health , education , culture and social development .
Billboard has also published books in collaboration with Watson Guptill and a radio and television series called American Top Forty , based on Billboard charts . A daily Billboard Bulletin was introduced in February 1997 and Billboard hosts about 20 industry events each year . Billboard is considered one of the most reputable sources of music industry news . It has a print circulation of 17,000 and an online readership of 1.2 million unique monthly views . The website includes the Billboard Charts , news separated by music genre , videos , and a separate website . It also compiles lists , hosts a fashion website called Pret a Reporter , and publishes eight different newsletters .
In March 2010 the club announced a return to the black and blue stripes for the 2010 – 11 season . In recognition of the centenary of the renaming of the club , the 2012 – 13 kit was red with blue sleeves and collar , and the club 's crest was replaced by the town 's crest . After winning the League Two title in 2012 – 13 , the club gave season ticket holders the chance to vote on what colours the club would play in for the 2013 – 14 season , with the fans choosing to return to a blue and white kit .
This investment spurred Kang to have the Association establish a bank in Torreón , which began selling stock and real estate to Chinese businessmen . The bank also built the city 's first tram line . Kang visited Torreón again in 1907 . It has been suggested that the city served as a test case for Chinese immigration to Mexico and Brazil , which Kang believed might solve overpopulation problems in the Chinese Pearl River Delta . Soon there were 600 Chinese living in the city . In 1907 , a number of Mexican businessman gathered to form a chamber of commerce to protect their businesses from the foreigners .
Ethylmercury , such as in thiomersal , clears much faster from the body after administration than methylmercury , suggesting total mercury exposure over time is much less with ethylmercury . Currently used methods of estimating brain deposition of mercury likely overestimates the amounts deposited due to ethylmercury , and ethylmercury also decomposes quicker in the brain than methylmercury , suggesting a lower risk of brain damage . These findings show that the assumptions that originally led to concern about the toxicity of ethylmercury , which were based on direct comparison to methylmercury , were flawed . Multiple studies have been performed on data from large populations of children to study the relationship between the use of vaccines containing thiomersal , and autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders .
The principal photography for the fourth season was relocated to Los Angeles , California . The theme music of Prison Break and the incidental music of each episode was composed by Ramin Djawadi . The score for the first two seasons is featured in the Prison Break : Original Television Soundtrack , which was released on August 28 , 2007 . Djawadi and Ferry Corsten produced a remix of the theme music titled " Prison Break Theme ( Ferry Corsten Breakout Mix ) " as a single , which was released by Fox Music in 2006 . In Europe , rapper Faf Larage 's song " Pas le temps " is used by television network M6 in France and by RTL TVI in Belgium to replace the show 's original theme music in the title sequence , which generated publicity and helped to localize the show .
If the fish was fully frozen , she would use an axe , chainsaw , or blowtorch to break the fish down into smaller chunks , or might even have to lug the large garbage cans into her motorhome to thaw . " I don 't know if anyone else would do this , " she told a reporter in 1986 . " My motorhome smells like fish . My yard is fish . My truck is fish . I am fish . It gets kind of gross sometimes , especially when you 're handling a lot of slimy carcasses .
Okay . ' " Minnette received the role two weeks after his audition . Other cast members included Wilmer Valderrama and Steve Harris as Michael 's partner in each reality , while Cherry Jones and BD Wong 's characters were cast as Michael 's therapists in separate realities . Wong chose the role in lieu of his part on the police procedural television drama Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . In September 2011 , Innes garnered a recurring role in the series as Tricia Harper , Michael 's commanding officer . In January 2012 , Kevin Weisman was cast in a recurring role as Ed Hawkins , a detective in a separate division of the LAPD .
Wong was disappointed with director Harry Longstreet , claiming he did not have respect for the script . Longstreet had failed to film one of the script 's scenes , and had not obtained additional camera coverage for the scenes which had been filmed . As a result , Wong and another director , Michael Katleman , re shot several scenes for additional coverage to complete the episode , and filmed the omitted scene and some inserts . Hutchison also had difficulty with Longstreet 's directing ; he found the acting instructions he was given " ridiculous " . Morgan said that the episode 's production was problematic , feeling that " Squeeze " " was truly saved in postproduction " .
Spain ordered 19 tanks in 1970 , and later agreed to manufacture another 180 tanks in Spain . In 1979 , Spain began the production of a second batch of 100 tanks , completing a total of 299 AMX 30s issued to the Spanish Army ; these were designated AMX 30Es . Spain also procured 10 AMX 30Ds and 18 AMX 30Rs . As production of the AMX 30E ended in 1979 , the Spanish Army was already looking for a modernization program to improve the quality of the tank 's mobility . In 1987 , the Spanish Army began a six year modernization program which brought 150 tanks up to AMX 30EM2 standards and modified another 149 tanks to AMX 30EM1 standards .
Victorious Boxers : Ippo 's Road to Glory was produced by Entertainment Software Publishing and was adapted from the Fighting Spirit manga series , at a time when the publishing company was focusing on its licensed comic properties rather than original titles . Development for the game was handled by New Corporation . The developers noted the capacities of the PlayStation 2 allowed them to reproduce the characters of the series accurately . The soundtrack of the game was composed by Takayuki Aihara , Shinji Hosoe and Naoki Tsuchiya . In May 2001 , British video game company Empire Interactive announced it would publish the game in Europe and North America .
They were the only battleships built at that time to adhere to the treaty and even though it soon became apparent to the British that the other signatories to the treaty were ignoring its requirements , it was too late to change the design of the class before they were laid down in 1937 . Duke of York was the third ship in the King George V class , and was laid down at John Brown & Company 's shipyard in Clydebank , Scotland , on 5 May 1937 . Ironically , the title of Duke of York was in abeyance at that time , having been that held by King George VI prior to his succession to the throne in December 1936 .
Schools of pilot fish ( Naucrates ductor ) sometimes accompany the great hammerhead . The great hammerhead is parasitized by several species of copepods , including Alebion carchariae , A. elegans , Nesippus orientalis , N. crypturus , Eudactylina pollex , Kroyeria gemursa , and Nemesis atlantica . An active predator with a varied diet , known prey of the great hammerhead include invertebrates such as crabs , lobsters , squid , and octopus , bony fishes such as tarpon , sardines , sea catfishes , toadfish , porgies , grunts , jacks , croakers , groupers , flatfishes , boxfishes , and porcupine fishes , and smaller sharks such as smoothhounds .
As the population of Sheffield increased , Sheffield Corporation bought 23 acres ( 9.3 ha ) of land at Blackburn Meadows , on which to build a sewage treatment works . In August 1884 , William Bissett and Son won the contract for its construction , which was overseen by Thomas West , who acted as Clerk of Works . 100 feet ( 30 m ) of standard gauge railway track connected the limeshed to a junction with the Manchester , Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway . Bissetts had completed their work by January 1886 , and although £ 2,462 had been spent on extras , their final bill came to £ 23,933 , which was £ 27 cheaper than the original contract value .
" When Phillip was returned to prison for failing a drug test , Nancy replaced her husband as Dugard 's jailer . The Garridos manipulated Dugard further by presenting her , on two occasions , with kittens that would later " mysteriously vanish . " When they discovered that she was signing her real name in a journal that she kept on the kittens , she was forced to tear out the page with her name on it , the last time she would be permitted to say or write her name until years later . She was never allowed to see a doctor or dentist .
It also features a range of multiplayer options , including a co operative mode and traditional deathmatch settings . Technically , it is one of the most advanced games developed for the Nintendo 64 , with an optional high resolution graphics mode , widescreen support , and Dolby Surround Sound . A Nintendo 64 Expansion Pak is required to access the game 's campaign and most of the multiplayer features . Perfect Dark was developed over the course of three years and uses an upgraded version of the GoldenEye 007 engine . The game met with critical acclaim and commercial success upon release , selling more than three million units worldwide .
It may supplement its diet with seeds , berries , and fruit in the winter . Males and females prefer different foraging sites . While males usually hover among the higher shrub foliage between 3 and 9 m ( 9.8 and 29.5 ft ) , females tend to forage at lower strata . The time within a breeding season influences where the males forage . When it is time to feed the fledglings , males come down to the same foraging strata as females . The black throated blue warbler mostly forages in the understory instead of the canopy . The large leaves and long branches in the understory affect its foraging behaviors .
The allegations of corruption earned him the nickname of " Don Readies " . Though Mr Justice Cantley lifted the FA 's ten year ban on Revie , during his conclusion of the case the judge said that Revie " lacked candour " , was " greedy " and " prickly " , focused on " imagined wrongs " and his resignation as England manager showed a " sensational , outrageous example of disloyalty , breach of trust , discourtesy and selfishness " . Notes Statistics for United Arab Emirates , Al Nasr , and Al Ahly are not known .
Kevin Nash was released from the hospital following Bound for Glory . Medical personnel stated he had what appeared to be a minor heart attack or was on the verge of having one when he called 9 1 1 . The original plan was to have Nash and Raven start a rivalry after Bound for Glory , but due to the circumstances this was changed . Jeff Jarrett announced on the October 29 episode of Impact ! that a rematch between Rhino and he for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship was scheduled for the November 3 episode of Impact ! .
Brown was drafted 27th overall by the Indianapolis Colts , becoming the first UConn player ever drafted in the first round . Three other UConn players were drafted in the second round : Darius Butler 41st overall by the New England Patriots , William Beatty 60th overall by the New York Giants , and defensive end Cody Brown 63rd overall by the Arizona Cardinals . Tight end Martin Bédard was drafted 15th overall in the second round of the Canadian Football League 's ( CFL ) 2009 Draft . Buffalo did not have any players drafted by either league in 2009 ; in the 2010 NFL Draft James Starks was selected in the sixth round , 193rd overall , by the Green Bay Packers .
It was only when faced with the danger of annihilation by the Franks in 584 that the Lombard dukes elected a new king in the person of Authari , son of Cleph , who began the definitive consolidation and centralization of the Lombard kingdom . Among the surviving Early Middle Ages sources , there are six that mention Helmichis by name . Of these , the only contemporary one is the Chronica of Marius of Avenches , written in the 580s . Marius was bishop of Aventicum , a town located in the western Alps in the Frankish Kingdom of Burgundy .
The eighth season was Novak 's last as a series regular , although he made a few recurring appearances in the ninth season . It was also Kaling 's final full season , due to her pilot , The Mindy Project , being picked up by Fox ; Kaling portrayed customer service representative Kelly Kapoor . On February 28 , 2012 , it was announced that Spader would not return for a ninth season of the show . There was initial speculation that following the eighth season , Daniels was considering rebooting the series due to the possible departures of main cast members .
With the widening shelved , businesses from Feeasterville and Southampton along with State Senator Marvin Keller led a push to get the portion of Street Road through the two communities paved , which was in disrepair and saw a lot of accidents . In May 1965 , construction began to widen the portion of PA 132 between US 1 and US 13 in Bensalem to a four lane divided highway . On August 27 , 1965 , a 2 mile ( 3.2 km ) stretch of new concrete pavement along PA 132 in Bensalem was completed , with work then to begin on rebuilding the original roadway to make it a divided highway .
In 1645 , Sir John Owen was appointed governor of the castle instead , however , leading to a bitter dispute between the two men . The Archbishop defected to Parliament , the town of Conwy fell in August 1646 and in November General Thomas Mytton finally took the castle itself after a substantial siege . In the aftermath of the siege , Colonel John Carter was appointed governor of the castle and fresh repairs were carried out . In 1655 the Council of State appointed by Parliament ordered the castle to be slighted , or put beyond military use : the Bakehouse tower was probably deliberately partially pulled down at this time as part of the slighting .
Despite the importance of his title , Thơ rarely appeared with Diệm in public and was a figurehead with little influence . The real power lay with Diệm 's younger brothers , Nhu and Cẩn , who commanded private armies and secret police , as well as giving orders directly to ARVN generals . Nhu reportedly once ordered a bodyguard to slap Thơ because he felt Thơ had shown him a lack of respect . Diệm held Thơ in contempt and did not allow him to take part in major policy decisions , despite theoretically being the second most powerful man in the country .
It is a graph representing production tradeoffs of an economy given fixed resources . It is a graphical representation of the maximal mix of outputs that an economy can achieve by fully using its existing resources and in the most efficient way . In its microeconomic applications , the graph shows the various combinations of amounts of two commodities that an economy can produce per unit of time ( such as number of guns vs. kilograms of butter ) using a fixed amount of each of the factors of production , given the production technologies available . At the macroeconomic level , it can be used to depict other rivalrous trade offs like production of fixed capital versus production of consumer goods .
Also attempted were two takes of " Medicine Sunday " , a song that later evolved into " Temporary Like Achilles " . On November 30 , the Hawks joined Dylan again at Studio A , but drummer Bobby Gregg replaced Levon Helm , who had tired of playing in a backing band and quit . They began work on a new composition , " Freeze Out " , which was later retitled " Visions of Johanna " , but Dylan wasn 't satisfied with the results . One of the November 30 recordings was eventually released on The Bootleg Series Vol .
Communities are individuals that affiliated regularly with each other , but rarely with conspecifics outside of the community . Although the entire multi male / multi female community lives within a discrete home range , all individuals are never seen in the same location at the same time . Instead , individuals form dispersed social networks , known as core groups , within the community . Core groups are individuals that shared the same core area within a community territory throughout the year . Core groups typically consist of two reproductive females , as well as reproductive males and subadults , ranging in size from two individuals to nine .
It extends for 20.85 miles ( 33.55 km ) from an intersection with NY 39 in the Collins hamlet of Collins Center to an interchange with NY 5 in the town of Hamburg . The route passes through the village of Hamburg , which serves as the northern terminus of a 2 mile ( 3.2 km ) overlap between U.S. Route 62 ( US 62 ) and NY 75 . Past Hamburg , NY 75 connects to the New York State Thruway ( Interstate 90 or I 90 ) northwest of the village before ending a short distance from Lake Erie .
Preliminary repairs were completed by 20 June , which permitted the ship to return to Germany . While Scharnhorst was en route under heavy escort on 21 June , the British launched two air attacks , six Swordfish torpedo bombers in the first and nine Beaufort bombers in the second . Both were driven off by anti aircraft fire and fighters . The Germans intercepted British radio traffic that indicated the Royal Navy was at sea , which prompted Scharnhorst to make for Stavanger . British warships were within 35 nmi ( 65 km ; 40 mi ) of Scharnhorst 's position when she turned to Stavanger .
In the top right corner , Murasaki 's friend , the maid Saishō no Kimi , is visible . The large garden occupying the left half of the painting and the diagonally positioned building are considered to be a bold scene arrangement . According to Penelope Mason , this is " one of the saddest and most beautiful [ scenes ] in the scroll " , contrasting the beauty of the moonlit garden and pond on the left with the constraints of court life . The lattice window and the stewards separate Murasaki Shikibu from the outside world , keeping her a prisoner in the room .
She was mentioned in the Divine Comedy by Dante , was an inspiration for Mirra by Vittorio Alfieri , and was alluded to in Mathilda by Mary Shelley . In the play Sardanapalus by Byron , a character named Myrrha appeared , whom critics interpreted as a symbol of Byron 's dream of romantic love . The myth of Myrrha was one of 24 tales retold in Tales from Ovid by English poet Ted Hughes . In art , Myrrha 's seduction of her father has been illustrated by German engraver Virgil Solis , her tree metamorphosis by French engraver Bernard Picart and Italian painter Marcantonio Franceschini , while French engraver Gustave Doré chose to depict Myrrha in Hell as a part of his series of engravings for Dante 's Divine Comedy .
Its eye measured 45 mi ( 75 km ) in diameter , and a portion moved over Hatteras and the Pamlico Sound , constituting a direct hit but not a landfall . After affecting the Outer Banks , Emily continued around the large high pressure area , turning northeastward into an area with cooler ocean temperatures . The eye nonetheless remained distinct , and Emily maintained much of its intensity through September 2 . Later that day , the hurricane turned sharply eastward in response to a trough nearby . Wind shear over the region increased , weakening Emily as its eye feature quickly dissipated .
The AIF 's requirements for manpower and equipment constrained the Militia during the early years of the war . At the outbreak of the Pacific War the main Army units in Australia were five Militia infantry divisions — the 1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th and 5th Divisions — two Militia cavalry divisions — the 1st and 2nd Cavalry Divisions — and the AIF 1st Armoured Division . The Volunteer Defence Corps ( VDC ) , which was a part time volunteer force of 100,000 men based on the British Home Guard , was also available for local defence .
With even a few hundred missies , the Soviets could afford to target every US bomber base . With no warning system in place , a sneak attack could destroy a significant amount of the US bomber fleet on the ground . The US would still have the airborne alert force and its own small ICBM fleet , but the USSR would have its entire bomber fleet and any missiles they did not launch , leaving them with a massive strategic advantage . To ensure this could not happen , the Report called for the installation of active defenses at SAC bases , Hercules in the short term and an ABM for the 1959 period , along with new early warning radars for ballistic missiles to allow alert aircraft to get away before the missiles hit .
The road was laid out to a width of 160 feet ( 50 m ) from Light Street to Locust Point in the early 1910s , providing better access to the new city owned piers in preparation for increased trade via the Panama Canal and existing steamship lines to Europe . It was named Key Highway because it was originally planned to extend to Fort McHenry , near where Francis Scott Key wrote " The Star Spangled Banner . " However , the extension of the road to the fort was never built . A rail line ran the length of Key Highway , connecting to the tracks in Pratt Street via Light Street .
He signed with the San Francisco Giants at the end of June . They initially assigned him to the Class AAA Fresno Grizzlies of the Pacific Coast League , before promoting him on July 30 . He batted .277 with three home runs and 10 RBIs in 36 games during the second half of the 2003 season , and was selected for the Giants ' postseason roster over Marvin Benard and Eric Young where he batted 2 for 4 in Game 4 of the 2003 National League Division Series . Granted free agency at the end of the season , he re signed with the Giants for the 2004 season for $ 1 million , as the replacement for Jose Cruz , Jr .
Initially , the Regia Aeronautica also participated in this campaign , but after a tragic incident where an Italian bomber mistakenly attacked German positions near Vlasenica , the German command assigned the ZNDH the responsibility for providing the entire aerial support mission for formations on the ground . At this time there were no significant Luftwaffe forces based in Yugoslavian territory . In support of the ground forces , the ZNDH flew 121 combat missions in January , 100 missions in February and 350 in March . Although the Axis ground forces generally succeeded in their operations in January and February , in March they were forced to release the pressure as other Partisan units attacked several solitary NDH garrisons , threatening to destroy them .
He began his senior career in 1909 – 10 , appearing in one game with the Winnipeg Monarchs of the Manitoba Hockey League ( MHL ) . In 1910 – 11 , he scored six goals for the Monarchs in five games and was named to the league 's second All Star team . He scored seven goals in seven games for the Monarchs in 1911 – 12 , and by the following season had been named the team 's captain . Maxwell scored three goals and two assists for the Monarchs in the 1913 – 14 season as the team won the city and provincial championships .
Chastain 's final two roles of the year were in Wilde Salomé , a documentary based on her play Salome , and the critically panned crime thriller Texas Killing Fields . The latter , co starring Sam Worthington and Jeffrey Dean Morgan , was a partly fictionalized version of the events in the killing fields of Texas , in which she played a homicide detective . Los Angeles Times ' Betsy Sharkey praised Chastain 's polished Texas drawl , but criticized the film , writing that " as good as [ the cast ] can be [ ... ] they just can 't quite pull it off " .
This episode achieved a 3.0 / 8 in the key 18 – 49 demographic , a series high in that category . The 3.0 refers to 3.0 % of all 18- to 49 year olds in the U.S. and the 8 refers to 8 % of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast , in the U.S. This episode was the highest rated program , in its timeslot , among the men 18 – 34 demographic . Robert Canning of IGN thought that this was a " solid episode " , and that Will Arnett 's character " was even more entertaining in this episode " compared to his appearance in the episode " Fireworks " .
Despite this measure , factors such as a growing population , the division of plots among descendants , peasant debts and enduring reliance on revenues from working on estates , together with the widespread speculation of estate leaseholders and instances where political corruption was detrimental to the allocation of land , made the reform almost completely ineffectual on the long term , and contributed to the countryside unrest which culminated in the Peasants ' Revolt of 1907 . With Kogălniceanu 's participation , the authoritarian regime established by Cuza succeeded in promulgating a series of reforms , notably introducing the Napoleonic code , public education , and state monopolies on alcohol and tobacco .
It was released by New Line Cinema on August 18 , 2006 , in North America . The film was written by David Dalessandro , John Heffernan , and Sheldon Turner and follows the events of hundreds of snakes being released on a passenger plane in an attempt to kill a trial witness . The film gained a considerable amount of attention before its release , forming large fanbases online and becoming an Internet phenomenon , due to the film 's title , casting , and premise . In response to the Internet fan base , New Line Cinema incorporated feedback from online users into its production , and added five days of reshooting .
" Inside Mac Games ' Ken Newquist stated the game is " a real find " for players who have been disappointed by lack of gameplay in expensive mainstream titles . The game 's graphics and sound effects received a largely negative response , Matt Peckham of GameSpy described them as " yesteryear " and " minimalist " respectively . Ken Newquist called the graphics " far from spectacular " and stated they were worse than older titles such as Baldur 's Gate . He also highlighted that enchanted items look identical to their mundane counterparts and that highly evolved creatures are identical to their standard brethren .
Strong was appointed Head of the German Section at MI14 in August 1939 . He liaised with French intelligence until the Fall of France in June 1940 . Thereafter , his section was concerned with the prospect of a German invasion of Britain . In April 1941 , he assumed command of the 4th / 5th Battalion Royal Scots Fusiliers , part of the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . Then , in March 1942 , he became Brigadier General Staff ( BGS ) for Intelligence at General Alan Brooke 's GHQ Home Forces . For his services , Strong was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire .
In the absence of evidence that would invalidate the organ harvesting allegations — such as a Chinese government registry showing the identity of every organ donor and donation — Kilgour and Matas concluded that the allegations of China 's harvesting organs from live Falun Gong practitioners were true and the practice was ongoing . They called for a ban on Canadian citizens traveling to China for transplant operations . As of November 2014 the report has been translated into 21 languages . In 2009 , Kilgour and Matas published an updated version of the report as a book , titled Bloody Harvest , The killing of Falun Gong for their organs .
After the first performance , Sibelius made some changes , leading to a revised version which was given its first performance by Armas Järnefelt on 10 November 1903 in Stockholm . The Third Symphony is a good natured , triumphal , and deceptively simple sounding piece . The symphony 's first performance was given by the Helsinki Philharmonic Society , conducted by the composer , on 25 September 1907 . There are themes from Finnish folk music in the work 's early chords . Composed just after his move to Ainola , it contrasts sharply with the first two symphonies , with its clear mode of expression developing into the marching tones of the finale .
For genotype 1 hepatitis C treated with Pegylated interferon alpha 2a or Pegylated interferon alpha 2b combined with ribavirin , a GWA study has shown that SNPs near the human IL28B gene , encoding interferon lambda 3 , are associated with significant differences in response to the treatment . A later report demonstrated that the same genetic variants are also associated with the natural clearance of the genotype 1 hepatitis C virus . These major findings facilitated the development of personalized medicine and allowed physicians to customize medical decisions based on the patient 's genotype . The goal of elucidating pathophysiology has also led to increased interest in the association between risk SNPs and the gene expression of nearby genes , the so called expression quantitative trait loci ( eQTL ) studies .
James Endrst of the Hartford Courant identified her as " a spoiled rich kid " , while the Daily News dubbed Rachel an " endearingly spoiled Daddy 's girl . " Author Kim Etingoff wrote about Rachel in her book Jennifer Aniston : From Friends to Films that the character is " spunky and sometimes spoiled " , while TV Land called her " naive . " Citing the differences between Rachel and her two female friends , The Guardian 's Ryan Gilbey observed that the character " wasn 't insulated by self regard , like Monica , or swaddled in gormlessness , like Phoebe .
However , many of the pasture fields on the outskirts of the town have evidence of ridge and furrow farming practices , although these are under threat by current building proposals . To the north of the town runs the Forty Foot Drain , a large river also called Vermuyden 's Drain , after the Dutch engineer whose name is associated with the fen drainage works of the middle of the 17th century . Several of the older buildings of the town show evidence of the Dutch architectural style . Chatteris is a market town and has possessed this designation since 1834 , although an earlier market existed in the town , which was discontinued due to poor roads in 1808 .
Until the completion of the Flavian Palace on the Palatine Hill , the imperial court was situated at Alba or Circeii , and sometimes even farther afield . Domitian toured the European provinces extensively , and spent at least three years of his reign in Germania and Illyricum , conducting military campaigns on the frontiers of the Empire . Domitian 's tendency towards micromanagement was nowhere more evident than in his financial policy . The question of whether Domitian left the Roman Empire in debt or with a surplus at the time of his death has been fiercely debated . The evidence points to a balanced economy for the greater part of Domitian 's reign .
They seldom leave their swamp habitat during the daytime . Though sitatunga commonly form pairs or remain solitary , larger groups have also been observed . A study in Kenya recorded a herd of as many as nine individuals , comprising an adult male , four females and four juveniles . Loose groups may be formed but interaction among individuals is very low . Individuals generally associate only with their own sex . The sitatunga is not territorial . Males may engage in locking horns with other males and attacking vegetation using their horns . They may perform feinting by raising their forelegs with the hindlegs rooted in the ground as a threat display .
Dannatt went on to chair a conference of welfare providers to military personnel in order to show that the Army understood the issues affecting its soldiers and to organise a series of smaller conferences , hosted by himself and Sir Freddie Viggers — then Adjutant General to the Forces — to discuss welfare issues with commanding officers across the UK . In 2007 , Dannatt and his wife , Pippa , visited Headley Court , an MoD rehabilitation centre for wounded personnel , where the commanding officer informed the Dannatts of his desire for a swimming pool , but accepted that it was unlikely to receive government funding .
The episode was viewed by 29.1 million viewers , making it the highest rated episode in the series ' run . The season hit a low with the fifteenth and sixteenth episodes , " Kaddish " and " Unrequited " , respectively , which were both viewed by 16.56 million viewers . The season finale , " Gethsemane " , earned a Nielsen rating of 13.2 , with a 19 share , and was viewed by 19.85 viewers , marking a 5.9 percent drop in viewers when compared to the season premiere , but a 10 percent increase in viewers when compared to the previous season finale .
Both animal and human sacrifices have been found in Liao tombs , alongside indications of Buddhist practice . Indications of Daoist , zodiac , and Zoroastrian influences have also been found in Liao burial sites . During the reign of the Liao dynasty the Niujie Mosque was designed by Nazaruddin , the son of a local Imam . The influence of the Liao dynasty on subsequent culture includes a large legacy of statuary art works , with important surviving examples in painted wood , metal , and three color glazed sancai ceramics . The music and songs of the Liao dynasty are also known to have indirectly or directly influenced Mongol , Jurchen , and Chinese musical traditions .
The cover art is by Julie Bell , who is also the artist for the album Bat out Of Hell III . The single entered the UK charts at No. 6 on October 22 , 2006 , giving Meat Loaf his highest position in the UK charts since " I 'd Lie for You ( And That 's the Truth ) " reached No. 2 in 1995 . Critical reaction was generally positive , with The Guardian saying that the song is " ostensibly a reflection on love , but imbued with the delicacy of aircraft carriers colliding at sea .
In 1802 he published a legal tract , On Merchants ' Ships and Seamen , which was praised by his fellow lawyers and earned him a large amount of commercial work ; it was later republished in the United States , where it was misattributed to Charles Abbot , the Speaker of the House of Commons . He was eventually " as eminent and prosperous as a counsel can be at the English bar " , although he refused to apply for silk . From 1802 to 1816 he served as " Devil to the Attorney General " , opening all government prosecutions , and was standing counsel for the Bank of England and many Deans and Prelates in the Church of England .
Scheele , Henry Cavendish , and Priestley also studied this element at about the same time ; Lavoisier named it in 1775 6 . Scheele obtained chlorine from hydrochloric acid , but thought it was an oxide . Only in 1808 did Humphry Davy recognize it as an element . Courtois , in 1811 , discovered iodine in the ashes of seaweed . In 1817 , when Berzelius and Johan Gottlieb Gahn were working with lead they discovered a substance that reminded of tellurium . After more investigation Berzelius concluded that it was a new element , related to sulfur and tellurium .
There has been a dispute in recent years over whether Moe refers to Homer 's garage as a " car hole " or " car hold " . Both Mirkin and Hank Azaria , who voices Moe , have confirmed via Twitter that the line is , in fact , " car hole . " The title , as well as Herman 's illegal activities , are references to the 1971 film The French Connection . The couch gag , a parody of the gun barrel sequence in the James Bond films shows some similarities to that of Sean Connery 's own gunbarrel sequences .
